AEGS_Reclaimer_Unmanned_Salvage
hardpoint_Paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_AEGS_Reclaimer                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access_pilot                       S0                                                     AEGS_Reclaimer_SeatAccess_Pilot                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access_copilot                     S0                                                     AEGS_Reclaimer_SeatAccess_Copilot                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access_tractorbeam_left            S0                                                     AEGS_Reclaimer_SeatAccess_TractorBeam_Left                       Utility hardpoints                      
hardpoint_seat_access_tractorbeam_right           S0                                                     AEGS_Reclaimer_SeatAccess_TractorBeam_Right                      Utility hardpoints                      
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     AEGS_Reclaimer_Seat_Pilot                                        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     AEGS_Reclaimer_Dashboard_Pilot                                   UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_copilot                            S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_dashboard_copilot                       S0                                                     AEGS_Reclaimer_Dashboard_CoPilot                                 UNKNOWN                                 
 Structural_HUD                                   S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access_drone_left                  S0                                                     AEGS_Reclaimer_DroneRoom_SeatAccess_Left                         UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access_drone_right                 S0                                                     AEGS_Reclaimer_DroneRoom_SeatAccess_Right                        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_drone_left                         S0                                                     AEGS_Reclaimer_Seat_Drone_Left                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_drone_left_dashboard               S0                                                     AEGS_Reclaimer_Drone_Left_Dashboard                              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_drone_right                        S0                                                     AEGS_Reclaimer_Seat_Drone_Right                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_drone_right_dashboard              S0                                                     AEGS_Reclaimer_Drone_Right_Dashboard                             UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_tractorbeam_left                   S0                                                     AEGS_Reclaimer_Seat_TractorBeam_Left                             Utility hardpoints                      
hardpoint_dashboard_tractorbeam_left              S0                                                     AEGS_Reclaimer_Dashboard_TractorBeam_Left                        Utility hardpoints                      
hardpoint_seat_tractorbeam_right                  S0                                                     AEGS_Reclaimer_Seat_TractorBeam_Right                            Utility hardpoints                      
hardpoint_dashboard_tractorbeam_right             S0                                                     AEGS_Reclaimer_Dashboard_TractorBeam_Right                       Utility hardpoints                      
hardpoint_turret_console_01                       S1   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Reclaimer_Remote_Turret_Console                             Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_turret_console_02                       S1   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Reclaimer_Remote_Turret_Console_2                           Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
Drone_Door_Helper                                 S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_AEGS_Reclaimer_Drone_Door                     Doors                                   
hardpoint_airlock_door_left                       S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_AEGS_Reclaimer_Airlock                        Doors                                   
hardpoint_airlock_door_right                      S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_AEGS_Reclaimer_Airlock                        Doors                                   
hardpoint_Ladder_Lift                             S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_AEGS_Reclaimer_Elevator_Ladder_Lift                    Doors                                   
 hardpoint_cargogrid                              S1   Cargo                                                                                                              Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_Ladder_Lift_Door                        S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_AEGS_Reclaimer_Ladder_Lift                    Doors                                   
hardpoint_selfdestruct                            S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_80s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_radar                                   S2                                                     RADR_WLOP_S02_Chernykh                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_turret                            S1                                                     RADR_CHCO_S01_ObserverLite                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_console_01                        S1                                                     RADR_CHCO_S01_ObserverLite                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_console_02                        S1                                                     RADR_CHCO_S01_ObserverLite                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                     test_scanner                                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S2                                                     test_ping_S2                                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_powerplant                              S4   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_AEGS_S04_Reclaimer_SCItem                                   Power plants                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_01                            S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_AEGS_Reclaimer                                              Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_02                            S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_AEGS_Reclaimer                                              Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_03                            S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_AEGS_Reclaimer                                              Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_04                            S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_AEGS_Reclaimer                                              Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_AEGS_Reclaimer                                              Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_AEGS_Reclaimer                                              Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_centre                      S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_AEGS_Reclaimer                                              Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_front                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_AEGS_Reclaimer                                              Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_01                               S3   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S03_Mercury_SCItem                                     Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_02                               S3   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S03_Mercury_SCItem                                     Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_03                               S3   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S03_Mercury_SCItem                                     Coolers                                 
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S3   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_JUST_S03_Kama_SCItem                                        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S2   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_AEGS_Reclaimer                                              Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_AEGS_Reclaimer                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator_01                     S3   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BEHR_S03_5CA_SCItem                                         Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_02                     S3   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BEHR_S03_5CA_SCItem                                         Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_03                     S3   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BEHR_S03_5CA_SCItem                                         Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armour                                  S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_AEGS_Reclaimer                                              Armor                                   
hardpoint_thruster_main_right                     S3   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Reclaimer_Thruster_Main                                     Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_left                      S3   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Reclaimer_Thruster_Main                                     Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_aux_right                      S3   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Reclaimer_Thruster_Aux                                      Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_aux_left                       S3   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Reclaimer_Thruster_Aux                                      Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right_01                 S3   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Reclaimer_Thruster_Retro_01                                 Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left_01                  S3   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Reclaimer_Thruster_Retro_01                                 Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right_02                 S3   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Reclaimer_Thruster_Retro_01                                 Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left_02                  S3   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Reclaimer_Thruster_Retro_01                                 Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_front_right              S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Reclaimer_Thruster_Retro_02                                 Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_front_left               S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Reclaimer_Thruster_Retro_02                                 Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_back_right_top                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Reclaimer_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_back_left_top                  S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Reclaimer_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_back_left_side                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Reclaimer_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Large                          Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_back_right_side                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Reclaimer_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Large                          Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_back_right_bottom              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Reclaimer_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_back_left_bottom               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Reclaimer_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_left_side                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Reclaimer_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_right_side               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Reclaimer_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_right_top                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Reclaimer_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_left_top                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Reclaimer_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_left_bottom              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Reclaimer_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_right_bottom             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Reclaimer_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_outer_front_left               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Reclaimer_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_outer_rear_left                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Reclaimer_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_outer_front_right              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Reclaimer_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_outer_rear_right               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Reclaimer_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon_remote_01             S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon_remote_02             S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon_remote_03             S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_seataccess                       S0                                                     AEGS_Reclaimer_SeatAccess_Turret                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret                                  S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Reclaimer_SCItem_Turret                                     Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S5   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S5                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_right                                     S5   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S5                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_left                                      S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S5                                            Manned turrets                          
 turret_right                                     S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S5                                            Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_remote_turret_top                       S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Reclaimer_SCItem_Remote_Turret_Top                          Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_right                                     S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_left                                      S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Manned turrets                          
 turret_right                                     S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_remote_turret_bottom                    S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Reclaimer_SCItem_Remote_Turret_Bottom                       Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_right                                     S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_left                                      S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Manned turrets                          
 turret_right                                     S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_remote_turret_front_left                S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Reclaimer_SCItem_Remote_Turret_Front_Left                   Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_right                                     S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_left                                      S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Manned turrets                          
 turret_right                                     S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_remote_turret_front_right               S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Reclaimer_SCItem_Remote_Turret_Front_Right                  Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_right                                     S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_left                                      S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Manned turrets                          
 turret_right                                     S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_remote_turret_rear_left                 S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Reclaimer_SCItem_Remote_Turret_Rear_Left                    Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_right                                     S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_left                                      S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Manned turrets                          
 turret_right                                     S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_remote_turret_rear_right                S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Reclaimer_SCItem_Remote_Turret_Rear_Right                   Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_right                                     S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_left                                      S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Manned turrets                          
 turret_right                                     S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_cargogrid_small_left_rear               S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               AEGS_Reclaimer_CargoGrid_Small                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_small_right_rear              S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               AEGS_Reclaimer_CargoGrid_Small                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_small_left_front              S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               AEGS_Reclaimer_CargoGrid_Small                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_small_right_front             S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               AEGS_Reclaimer_CargoGrid_Small                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_large_left_rear               S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               AEGS_Reclaimer_CargoGrid_Large                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_large_right_rear              S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               AEGS_Reclaimer_CargoGrid_Large                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_large_left_front              S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               AEGS_Reclaimer_CargoGrid_Large                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_large_right_front             S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               AEGS_Reclaimer_CargoGrid_Large                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_left            S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            JOKR_Defcon_CML_Flare                                            Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_right           S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            JOKR_Defcon_CML_Chaff                                            Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Crew_Reclaimer                                   Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool_turrets               S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Turret_Reclaimer                                 Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_remote_turret_01                  S1                                                     RADR_CHCO_S01_ObserverLite                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_remote_turret_02                  S1                                                     RADR_CHCO_S01_ObserverLite                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_remote_turret_03                  S1                                                     RADR_CHCO_S01_ObserverLite                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_remote_turret_04                  S1                                                     RADR_CHCO_S01_ObserverLite                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_remote_turret_05                  S1                                                     RADR_CHCO_S01_ObserverLite                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_remote_turret_06                  S1                                                     RADR_CHCO_S01_ObserverLite                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_AEGS_Reclaimer                            UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     AEGS_Reclaimer_ShipATCDataManager                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_remote_turret_salvage_left              S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Reclaimer_SCItem_Remote_Salvage_Turret_Left                 Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_weapon_salvage                         S2   SalvageHead                                       Salvage_Head_standard                                            UNKNOWN                                 
  hardpoint_salvage_subItem01                     S1   SalvageModifier                                   Salvage_Modifier_Tractor_Small                                   Utility hardpoints                      
  hardpoint_salvage_subItem02                     S1   SalvageModifier                                   Salvage_Modifier_Scraper_Large                                   UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_interior                               S4   Room                                              AEGS_Reclaimer_Salvage_Turret_Lighting                           Rooms                                   
 hardpoint_interior                               S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Reclaimer_Salvage_Turret_Lighting                           Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_weapon_salvage                         S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Salvage_Head_standard                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_salvage_subItem01                     S0                                                     Salvage_Modifier_Tractor_Small                                   DISABLED                                
  hardpoint_salvage_subItem02                     S0                                                     Salvage_Modifier_Scraper_Large                                   DISABLED                                
hardpoint_remote_turret_salvage_right             S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Reclaimer_SCItem_Remote_Salvage_Turret_Right                Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_weapon_salvage                         S2   SalvageHead                                       Salvage_Head_standard                                            UNKNOWN                                 
  hardpoint_salvage_subItem01                     S1   SalvageModifier                                   Salvage_Modifier_Tractor_Small                                   Utility hardpoints                      
  hardpoint_salvage_subItem02                     S1   SalvageModifier                                   Salvage_Modifier_Scraper_Large                                   UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_interior                               S4   Room                                              AEGS_Reclaimer_Salvage_Turret_Lighting                           Rooms                                   
 hardpoint_interior                               S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Reclaimer_Salvage_Turret_Lighting                           Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_weapon_salvage                         S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Salvage_Head_standard                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_salvage_subItem01                     S0                                                     Salvage_Modifier_Tractor_Small                                   DISABLED                                
  hardpoint_salvage_subItem02                     S0                                                     Salvage_Modifier_Scraper_Large                                   DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_salvage_left                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_salvage_right                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_radar_remote_turret_salvage_01          S1                                                     RADR_CHCO_S01_ObserverLite                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_remote_turret_salvage_02          S1                                                     RADR_CHCO_S01_ObserverLite                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon_salvage_left          S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon_salvage_right         S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light_left_salvage           S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light_right_salvage          S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_refill_station_left                     S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_refill_station_right                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_attachable_buff                         S1   UNDEFINED.UNDEFINED                               Salvage_Buff_Modifier_Reclaimer                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_salvage_room_left_front_TEMP  S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               AEGS_Reclaimer_CargoGrid_Salvage_Front_TEMP                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_salvage_room_right_front_TEMP S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               AEGS_Reclaimer_CargoGrid_Salvage_Front_TEMP                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_salvage_room_left_rear_TEMP   S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               AEGS_Reclaimer_CargoGrid_Salvage_Rear_TEMP                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_salvage_room_right_rear_TEMP  S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               AEGS_Reclaimer_CargoGrid_Salvage_Rear_TEMP                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_door_cargo                              S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_AEGS_Reclaimer_Cargo_Door                     Doors                                   
hardpoint_door_salvage                            S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_AEGS_Reclaimer_Salvage_Lift                   Doors                                   
hardpoint_top_airlock                             S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_AEGS_Reclaimer_DockCollar                     Doors                                   
hardpoint_controller_salvage_arm                  S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_internal_storage                        S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_claw                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 disintegration_intake                            S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
                                                  S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                

