AEGS_Hammerhead_MM
hardpoint_paint                                   S1   Paints.UNDEFINED                                  Paint_Hammerhead_IAE2951_Grey_White_Camo                         Paints                                  
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     AEGS_Hammerhead_SCItem_Pilot_Seat                                UNKNOWN                                 
 Radar_Helper                                     S1   Display                                           AEGS_Hammerhead_RADR_Display                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Radar_Helper                                     S0                                                     AEGS_Hammerhead_RADR_Display                                     DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_access_pilot                       S0                                                     AEGS_Hammerhead_SCItem_SeatAccess_Pilot                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_copilot                            S0                                                     AEGS_Hammerhead_SCItem_Copilot_Seat                              UNKNOWN                                 
 Radar_Helper                                     S1   Display                                           AEGS_Hammerhead_RADR_Display                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Radar_Helper                                     S0                                                     AEGS_Hammerhead_RADR_Display                                     DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_access_copilot                     S0                                                     AEGS_Hammerhead_SCItem_SeatAccess_Copilot                        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_captains_quarters                  S0                                                     AEGS_Hammerhead_SCItem_Seat_Captain_Room                         UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access_captains_quarters           S0                                                     AEGS_Hammerhead_SCItem_SeatAccess_Captain_Room                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_captains_quarters             S0                                                     AEGS_Hammerhead_SCItem_Dashboard_Captain_Room                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_selfdestruct                    S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_60s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_radar                                   S2                                                     RADR_CHCO_S02_Surveyor                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_scanner                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_power_plant_l                           S3   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_AMRS_S03_SuperDrive_SCItem                                  Power plants                            
hardpoint_power_plant_r                           S3   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_AMRS_S03_SuperDrive_SCItem                                  Power plants                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_1                             S6   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_AEGS_Hammerhead                                             Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_2                             S6   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_AEGS_Hammerhead                                             Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_intake_1                           S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_AEGS_Hammerhead                                             Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_2                           S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_AEGS_Hammerhead                                             Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_cooler_l                                S3   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S03_Mercury_SCItem                                     Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_r                                S3   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S03_Mercury_SCItem                                     Coolers                                 
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_quantum_fuel                            S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_AEGS_Hammerhead                                             Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator_l                      S0   Shield.UNDEFINED                                                                                                   Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_r                      S0   Shield.UNDEFINED                                                                                                   Shield generators                       
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_AEGS_Hammerhead                                             Armor                                   
hardpoint_thruster_main_top_left                  S6   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Hammerhead_Thruster_Main                                    Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_bottom_left               S6   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Hammerhead_Thruster_Main                                    Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_top_right                 S6   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Hammerhead_Thruster_Main                                    Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_bottom_right              S6   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Hammerhead_Thruster_Main                                    Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_top_front_left                 S3   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    AEGS_Hammerhead_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_front_left                S3   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    AEGS_Hammerhead_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_front_left              S3   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    AEGS_Hammerhead_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_front_right                S3   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    AEGS_Hammerhead_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_front_right               S3   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    AEGS_Hammerhead_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_front_right             S3   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    AEGS_Hammerhead_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S3   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    AEGS_Hammerhead_Thruster_Retro                                   Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S3   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    AEGS_Hammerhead_Thruster_Retro                                   Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_top_rear_left                  S3   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    AEGS_Hammerhead_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_rear_left                 S3   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    AEGS_Hammerhead_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_rear_left               S3   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    AEGS_Hammerhead_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_rear_right                 S3   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    AEGS_Hammerhead_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_rear_right                S3   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    AEGS_Hammerhead_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_rear_right              S3   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    AEGS_Hammerhead_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           AEGS_Hammerhead_LandingGearSystem                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
Turret_Side_Front_Left                            S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Hammerhead_SCItem_Turret_Side_FrontLeft                     Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_weapon_left_upper                      S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right_upper                     S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_left_lower                      S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right_lower                     S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_OC                                     S1   Room                                              AEGS_Hammerhead_Side_Turret_Lighting                             Rooms                                   
 hardpoint_weapon_left_upper                      S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_left_lower                      S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right_upper                     S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right_lower                     S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_OC                                     S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Hammerhead_Side_Turret_Lighting                             Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_seat_access_turret_front_left           S0                                                     AEGS_Hammerhead_SCItem_SeatAccess_Turret_Side_FrontLeft          UNKNOWN                                 
turret_radar_side_front_left                      S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
Turret_Side_Front_Right                           S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Hammerhead_SCItem_Turret_Side_FrontRight                    Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_weapon_left_upper                      S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right_upper                     S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_left_lower                      S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right_lower                     S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_OC                                     S1   Room                                              AEGS_Hammerhead_Side_Turret_Lighting                             Rooms                                   
 hardpoint_weapon_left_upper                      S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_left_lower                      S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right_upper                     S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right_lower                     S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_OC                                     S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Hammerhead_Side_Turret_Lighting                             Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_seat_access_turret_front_right          S0                                                     AEGS_Hammerhead_SCItem_SeatAccess_Turret_Side_FrontRight         UNKNOWN                                 
turret_radar_side_front_right                     S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
Turret_Side_Back_Left                             S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Hammerhead_SCItem_Turret_Side_BackLeft                      Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_weapon_left_upper                      S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right_upper                     S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_left_lower                      S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right_lower                     S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_OC                                     S1   Room                                              AEGS_Hammerhead_Side_Turret_Lighting                             Rooms                                   
 hardpoint_weapon_left_upper                      S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_left_lower                      S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right_upper                     S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right_lower                     S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_OC                                     S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Hammerhead_Side_Turret_Lighting                             Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_seat_access_turret_back_left            S0                                                     AEGS_Hammerhead_SCItem_SeatAccess_Turret_Side_BackLeft           UNKNOWN                                 
turret_radar_side_back_left                       S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
Turret_Side_Back_Right                            S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Hammerhead_SCItem_Turret_Side_BackRight                     Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_weapon_left_upper                      S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right_upper                     S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_left_lower                      S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right_lower                     S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_OC                                     S1   Room                                              AEGS_Hammerhead_Side_Turret_Lighting                             Rooms                                   
 hardpoint_weapon_left_upper                      S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_left_lower                      S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right_upper                     S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right_lower                     S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_OC                                     S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Hammerhead_Side_Turret_Lighting                             Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_seat_access_turret_back_right           S0                                                     AEGS_Hammerhead_SCItem_SeatAccess_Turret_Side_BackRight          UNKNOWN                                 
turret_radar_side_back_right                      S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
Turret_Top                                        S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Hammerhead_SCItem_Turret_Top                                Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_weapon_left_upper                      S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right_upper                     S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_left_lower                      S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right_lower                     S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_left_upper                      S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_left_lower                      S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right_upper                     S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right_lower                     S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_seat_access_turret_top                  S0                                                     AEGS_Hammerhead_SCItem_SeatAccess_Turret_Top                     UNKNOWN                                 
turret_radar_top                                  S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
Turret_Rear                                       S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Hammerhead_SCItem_Turret_Rear                               Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_weapon_left_upper                      S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right_upper                     S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_left_lower                      S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right_lower                     S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_left_upper                      S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_left_lower                      S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right_upper                     S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right_lower                     S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_seat_access_turret_rear                 S0                                                     AEGS_Hammerhead_SCItem_SeatAccess_Turret_Bottom                  UNKNOWN                                 
turret_radar_rear                                 S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_missile_top_left_01                     S5   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S05_BEHR_Quad_S03                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missile_top_left_02                     S5   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S05_BEHR_Quad_S03                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missile_bottom_left_01                  S5   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S05_BEHR_Quad_S03                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missile_bottom_left_02                  S5   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S05_BEHR_Quad_S03                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missile_top_right_01                    S5   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S05_BEHR_Quad_S03                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missile_top_right_02                    S5   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S05_BEHR_Quad_S03                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missile_bottom_right_01                 S5   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S05_BEHR_Quad_S03                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missile_bottom_right_02                 S5   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S05_BEHR_Quad_S03                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           DISABLED                                
hardpoint_countermeasures_left                    S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            AEGS_Hammerhead_CML_Flare                                        Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasures_left_2                  S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            AEGS_Hammerhead_CML_Chaff                                        Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasures_right                   S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            AEGS_Hammerhead_CML_Flare                                        Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasures_right_2                 S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            AEGS_Hammerhead_CML_Chaff                                        Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_door_cargo                              S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_AEGS_Hammerhead_Elevator_Cargo                         Doors                                   
 hardpoint_cargogrid                              S1   Cargo                                                                                                              Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_door_cargo_02                           S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_AEGS_Hammerhead_Cargo                         Doors                                   
hardpoint_door_left                               S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_AEGS_Hammerhead_Elevator_Left                          Doors                                   
hardpoint_door_left_02                            S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_AEGS_Hammerhead_Left                          Doors                                   
hardpoint_door_right                              S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_AEGS_Hammerhead_Elevator_Right                         Doors                                   
hardpoint_door_right_02                           S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_AEGS_Hammerhead_Right                         Doors                                   
hardpoint_door_nose_airlock                       S1   DockingAnimator.UNDEFINED                         Door_Ship_Exterior_AEGS_Hammerhead_Airlock                       UNKNOWN                                 
turret_door_front_right                           S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
turret_door_front_left                            S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
turret_door_rear_right                            S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
turret_door_rear_left                             S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_docking_collar                          S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           AEGS_Hammerhead_Front_DockingTube                                UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     AEGS_Hammerhead_ShipATCDataManager                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool                       S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool_turrets               S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_AEGS_Hammerhead                           UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_airlock_door_front                      S1   DockingAnimator.UNDEFINED                         Door_Ship_Exterior_AEGS_Hammerhead_Airlock_Door                  UNKNOWN                                 

