AEGS_Retaliator
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_pilot_seat                              S0                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_SCItem_Seat_Pilot                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_SCItem_SeatAccess_Pilot                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_SCItem_Dashboard_Pilot                           UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_esc_pod_upper_left                      S0                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_SCItem_Seat_Bed_Upper_Left                       UNKNOWN                                 
 decal_front                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_esc_pod_upper_right                     S0                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_SCItem_Seat_Bed_Upper_Right                      UNKNOWN                                 
 decal_front                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_esc_pod_lower_left                      S0                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_SCItem_Seat_Bed_Lower_Left                       UNKNOWN                                 
 decal_front                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_esc_pod_lower_right                     S0                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_SCItem_Seat_Bed_Lower_Right                      UNKNOWN                                 
 decal_front                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_esc_pod_rear_left                       S0                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_SCItem_Seat_Bed_Rear_Left                        UNKNOWN                                 
 decal_front                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_esc_pod_rear_right                      S0                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_SCItem_Seat_Bed_Rear_Right                       UNKNOWN                                 
 decal_front                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_bed_captain                             S1   Usable.UNDEFINED                                  Bed_Single_Captain_Retaliator_AEGS                               Usables                                 
 Pillow                                           S2                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
animated_liftleft                                 S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_AEGS_Retaliator_Elevator_Left                 Doors                                   
animated_liftright                                S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_AEGS_Retaliator_Elevator_Right                Doors                                   
hardpoint_selfdestruct                            S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_30s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_AEGS_Retaliator                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S2                                                     RADR_WLOP_S02_Chernykh                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_turret_backtopleft                S2                                                     RADR_WLOP_S02_Chernykh                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_turret_backtopright               S2                                                     RADR_WLOP_S02_Chernykh                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_turret_backbottom                 S2                                                     RADR_WLOP_S02_Chernykh                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_turret_frontbottom                S2                                                     RADR_WLOP_S02_Chernykh                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_turret_fronttop                   S2                                                     RADR_WLOP_S02_Chernykh                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                     test_scanner                                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S2                                                     test_ping_S2                                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_powerplant_rearleft                     S2   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_AEGS_S02_Maelstrom_SCItem                                   Power plants                            
hardpoint_powerplant_rearright                    S2   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_AEGS_S02_Maelstrom_SCItem                                   Power plants                            
hardpoint_fueltank_left                           S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_AEGS_Retaliator                                             Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fueltank_right                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_AEGS_Retaliator                                             Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_intake_frontleft                   S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_AEGS_Retaliator                                             Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_frontright                  S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_AEGS_Retaliator                                             Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_rearleft                    S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_AEGS_Retaliator                                             Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_rearright                   S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_AEGS_Retaliator                                             Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S2   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S02_Arctic_SCItem                                      Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S2   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S02_Arctic_SCItem                                      Coolers                                 
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S2   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_WETK_S02_Crossfield_SCItem                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S2   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_AEGS_Retaliator                                             Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_AEGS_Retaliator                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shieldgenerator_right                   S2   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S02_FullStop_SCItem                                    Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shieldgenerator_left                    S2   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S02_FullStop_SCItem                                    Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armour                                  S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_AEGS_Retaliator                                             Armor                                   
hardpoint_mainthruster_left                       S6   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Main                                    Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_mainthruster_right                      S6   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Main_Right                              Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_frontleft                 S4   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Mav_Joint_01                            VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_frontright                S4   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Mav_Joint_01                            VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_rearleft1                 S5   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Mav_Joint_02                            VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_rearleft2                 S5   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Mav_Joint_02                            VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_rearright1                S5   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Mav_Joint_02                            VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_rearright2                S5   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Mav_Joint_02                            VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_maneuver_frontrightretro       S2   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Retro_Right                             Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_maneuver_frontleftretro        S2   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Retro                                   Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_maneuver_frontright            S2   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Front_Right                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_maneuver_frontleft             S2   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Front_Left                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_maneuver_fronttopright         S2   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Front_Top_Right               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_maneuver_fronttopleft          S2   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Front_Top_Left                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_maneuver_frontbottomright      S2   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_maneuver_frontbottomleft       S2   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_maneuver_backright             S2   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_maneuver_backleft              S2   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_maneuver_backtopright          S2   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Rear_Top                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_maneuver_backtopleft           S2   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Rear_Top                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_maneuver_backbottomright       S2   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_maneuver_backbottomleft        S2   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_fronttop                         S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Retaliator_SCItem_Turret_Upper                              Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_right                                     S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_left                                      S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Manned turrets                          
 turret_right                                     S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_turret_fronttop_seat_access             S0                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_SCItem_SeatAccess_Turret_FrontTop                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_frontbottom                      S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Retaliator_SCItem_Turret_Lower                              Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_right                                     S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_left                                      S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Manned turrets                          
 turret_right                                     S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_turret_frontbottom_seat_access          S0                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_SCItem_SeatAccess_Turret_FrontBottom             UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_backtopright                     S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Retaliator_SCItem_Turret_Upper_Rear_Right                   Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S2                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_right                                     S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S2                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_left                                      S2   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S2                                            Manned turrets                          
 turret_right                                     S2   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S2                                            Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_turret_backtopright_seat_access         S0                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_SCItem_SeatAccess_Turret_BackTopRight            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_backtopleft                      S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Retaliator_SCItem_Turret_Upper_Rear_Left                    Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S2                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_right                                     S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S2                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_left                                      S2   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S2                                            Manned turrets                          
 turret_right                                     S2   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S2                                            Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_turret_backtopleft_seat_access          S0                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_SCItem_SeatAccess_Turret_BackTopLeft             UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_backbottom                       S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Retaliator_SCItem_Turret_Lower_Rear                         Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_right                                     S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_left                                      S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Manned turrets                          
 turret_right                                     S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_turret_backbottom_seat_access           S0                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_SCItem_SeatAccess_Turret_BackBottom              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_torpedo_launcher_rear                   S9   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S09_AEGS_Retaliator_Rear                                    Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S9   Missile.Missile, Missile.Torpedo                  MISL_S09_CS_TALN_Argos                                           Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S9   Missile.Missile, Missile.Torpedo                  MISL_S09_CS_TALN_Argos                                           Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S9                                                     MISL_S09_CS_TALN_Argos                                           DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S9                                                     MISL_S09_CS_TALN_Argos                                           DISABLED                                
hardpoint_torpedo_launcher_fore                   S9   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S09_AEGS_Retaliator_Fore                                    Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S9   Missile.Missile, Missile.Torpedo                  MISL_S09_CS_TALN_Argos                                           Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S9   Missile.Missile, Missile.Torpedo                  MISL_S09_CS_TALN_Argos                                           Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S9   Missile.Missile, Missile.Torpedo                  MISL_S09_CS_TALN_Argos                                           Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S9   Missile.Missile, Missile.Torpedo                  MISL_S09_CS_TALN_Argos                                           Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S9                                                     MISL_S09_CS_TALN_Argos                                           DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S9                                                     MISL_S09_CS_TALN_Argos                                           DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S9                                                     MISL_S09_CS_TALN_Argos                                           DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S9                                                     MISL_S09_CS_TALN_Argos                                           DISABLED                                
hardpoint_countermeasurelauncher_left1            S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            AEGS_Gladius_CML_Flare                                           Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasurelauncher_left2            S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            AEGS_Gladius_CML_Chaff                                           Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasurelauncher_right1           S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            AEGS_Gladius_CML_Flare                                           Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasurelauncher_right2           S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            AEGS_Gladius_CML_Chaff                                           Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_rack_FL                                 S1   Usable.UNDEFINED                                  Weapon_Rack_AEGS_3slots                                          Usables                                 
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $proxy_weapon_02                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $proxy_weapon_03                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_rack_RL                                 S1   Usable.UNDEFINED                                  Weapon_Rack_AEGS_3slots                                          Usables                                 
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $proxy_weapon_02                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $proxy_weapon_03                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_rack_FR                                 S1   Usable.UNDEFINED                                  Weapon_Rack_AEGS_3slots                                          Usables                                 
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $proxy_weapon_02                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $proxy_weapon_03                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_rack_RR                                 S1   Usable.UNDEFINED                                  Weapon_Rack_AEGS_3slots                                          Usables                                 
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $proxy_weapon_02                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $proxy_weapon_03                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Crew_Retaliator                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool_turrets               S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Turret_Retaliator                                Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_AEGS_Retaliator                           UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_ShipATCDataManager                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                

