ANVL_Carrack_Expedition
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     ANVL_Carrack_SeatAccess_Pilot                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     ANVL_Carrack_SCItem_Seat_Pilot                                   UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                           RADR_Display                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S0                                                     RADR_Display                                                     DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_copilot_r                          S0                                                     ANVL_Carrack_SCItem_Seat_CoPilot                                 UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_copilot_access_r                   S0                                                     ANVL_Carrack_SeatAccess_CoPilot_R                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_copilot_l                          S0                                                     ANVL_Carrack_SCItem_Seat_CoPilot                                 UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_copilot_access_l                   S0                                                     ANVL_Carrack_SeatAccess_CoPilot_L                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_bridge_r                           S0                                                     ANVL_Carrack_SCItem_Seat_Support_Right                           UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access_bridge_r                    S0                                                     ANVL_Carrack_SeatAccess_Bridge_R                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_bridge_l                           S0                                                     ANVL_Carrack_SCItem_Seat_Support_Left                            UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access_bridge_l                    S0                                                     ANVL_Carrack_SeatAccess_Bridge_L                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_console_bridge                          S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_console_bridge_access                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_radar                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_selfdestruct                    S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_60s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_radar                                   S2                                                     RADR_CHCO_S02_Surveyor                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_scanner                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_ANVL_Carrack                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_power_plant                             S3   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_JUST_S03_Reliance_SCItem                                    Power plants                            
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_l                                S3   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_JUST_S03_IceFlush_SCItem                                    Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_r                                S3   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_JUST_S03_IceFlush_SCItem                                    Coolers                                 
hardpoint_fuel_tank_1                             S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ANVL_Carrack                                                Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_2                             S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ANVL_Carrack                                                Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_intake_1                           S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ANVL_Carrack                                                Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_2                           S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ANVL_Carrack                                                Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S3   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_JUST_S03_Kama_SCItem                                        UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_jump_drive                             S3                                                     JDRV_S03_Template                                                DISABLED                                
hardpoint_quantum_fuel                            S3   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_ANVL_Carrack                                                Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_ANVL_Carrack                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_armor                                   S3   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_ANVL_Carrack                                                Armor                                   
hardpoint_thruster_main_right_small               S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ANVL_Carrack_Thruster_Main_Small                                 Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_left_small                S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ANVL_Carrack_Thruster_Main_Small                                 Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_top_front_left                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ANVL_Carrack_Thruster_Mav                                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_front_left                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ANVL_Carrack_Thruster_Mav                                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_front_left              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ANVL_Carrack_Thruster_Mav                                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_front_right                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ANVL_Carrack_Thruster_Mav                                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_front_right               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ANVL_Carrack_Thruster_Mav                                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_front_right             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ANVL_Carrack_Thruster_Mav                                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_rear_left                  S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ANVL_Carrack_Thruster_Mav                                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_rear_left                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ANVL_Carrack_Thruster_Mav                                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_rear_left               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ANVL_Carrack_Thruster_Mav                                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_rear_right                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ANVL_Carrack_Thruster_Mav                                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_rear_right                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ANVL_Carrack_Thruster_Mav                                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_rear_right              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ANVL_Carrack_Thruster_Mav                                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_retro_forward                  S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ANVL_Carrack_Thruster_Retro_Front                                Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_back                     S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ANVL_Carrack_Thruster_Retro_Back                                 Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_rear_right                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ANVL_Carrack_Thruster_VTOL                                       VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_front_right               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ANVL_Carrack_Thruster_VTOL                                       VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_rear_left                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ANVL_Carrack_Thruster_VTOL                                       VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_front_left                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ANVL_Carrack_Thruster_VTOL                                       VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_right                            S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           ANVL_Carrack_SCItem_Turret_Side_Right                            Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S4                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_right                                     S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S4                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_left                                      S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S4                                            Manned turrets                          
 turret_right                                     S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S4                                            Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_turret_left                             S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           ANVL_Carrack_SCItem_Turret_Side_Left                             Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S4                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_right                                     S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S4                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_left                                      S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S4                                            Manned turrets                          
 turret_right                                     S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S4                                            Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_turret_back_rear                        S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           ANVL_Carrack_SCItem_Turret_Bubble                                Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S4                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_right                                     S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S4                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_left                                      S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S4                                            Manned turrets                          
 turret_right                                     S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S4                                            Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_turret_remote_turret                    S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           ANVL_Carrack_SCItem_Remote_Turret                                Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S4                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_right                                     S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S4                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_left                                      S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S4                                            Manned turrets                          
 turret_right                                     S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S4                                            Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_landing_system                          S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_hangar_door                             S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    ANVL_Carrack_Door_Hangar                                         Doors                                   
hardpoint_turret_remote_turret_radar              S2                                                     RADR_CHCO_S02_Surveyor                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_remote_turret_controller         S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_garage_door                             S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    ANVL_Carrack_Main_Ramp                                           Doors                                   
hardpoint_hologlobe_radar                         S0                                                     ANVL_Carrack_Cart_Hologlobe_RADR_Display                         UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_left_turret_radar                S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_right_turret_radar               S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_right_seat_access                S0                                                     ANVL_Carrack_SeatAccess_Turret_Side_Right                        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_left_seat_access                 S0                                                     ANVL_Carrack_SeatAccess_Turret_Side_Left                         UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargo_front_left                        S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               ANVL_Carrack_CargoGrid                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargo_front_right                       S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               ANVL_Carrack_CargoGrid                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargo_mid_left                          S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               ANVL_Carrack_CargoGrid                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargo_mid_right                         S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               ANVL_Carrack_CargoGrid                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargo_rear_left                         S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               ANVL_Carrack_CargoGrid                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargo_rear_right                        S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               ANVL_Carrack_CargoGrid                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_back_rear_access                 S0                                                     ANVL_Carrack_SeatAccess_Turret_Bubble                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_back_rear_radar                  S0                                                     RADR_Default                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                           RADR_Display                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S0                                                     RADR_Display                                                     DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cargo_mid_mid                           S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               ANVL_Carrack_CargoGrid_Mid                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargo_front_mid                         S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               ANVL_Carrack_CargoGrid_Mid                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargo_rear_mid                          S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               ANVL_Carrack_CargoGrid_Mid                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_thruster_main_right_large               S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ANVL_Carrack_Thruster_Main_Large                                 Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_left_large                S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ANVL_Carrack_Thruster_Main_Large                                 Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_console_weapon_controller               S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_hologlobe_bridge                        S1   Display.UNDEFINED                                 ANVL_Carrack_Cart_Hologlobe_RADR_Display                         UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_drone_l                            S0                                                     ANVL_Carrack_SCItem_Seat_Drone_Left                              UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_drone_access_l                     S0                                                     ANVL_Carrack_SeatAccess_Drone_L                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_drone_r                            S0                                                     ANVL_Carrack_SCItem_Seat_Drone_Right                             UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_drone_access_r                     S0                                                     ANVL_Carrack_SeatAccess_Drone_R                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_eva_door_right                          S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    ANVL_Carrack_eva_door                                            Doors                                   
hardpoint_eva_door_left                           S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    ANVL_Carrack_eva_door                                            Doors                                   
hardpoint_docking_door                            S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    ANVL_Carrack_Docking_Door                                        Doors                                   
hardpoint_docking_door_inner                      S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    ANVL_Carrack_Docking_Door                                        Doors                                   
hardpoint_countermeasures_left                    S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            JOKR_Defcon_CML_Flare                                            Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasures_right                   S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            JOKR_Defcon_CML_Chaff                                            Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_weapon_locker_01                        S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_ANVL_Carrack_Armory_Large                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 $IP_rifle_01                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_02                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_03                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_04                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_05                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_06                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_07                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_08                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_01                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_02                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_03                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_04                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_05                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_06                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_07                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_08                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_09                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_10                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_11                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_12                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_locker_02                        S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_ANVL_Carrack_Armory_Large                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 $IP_rifle_01                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_02                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_03                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_04                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_05                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_06                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_07                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_08                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_01                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_02                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_03                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_04                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_05                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_06                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_07                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_08                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_09                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_10                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_11                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_12                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_2                          S3   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_ANVL_Carrack                                                Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_shield_generator_l                      S3   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BASL_S03_Barbican_SCItem                                    Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_r                      S3   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BASL_S03_Barbican_SCItem                                    Shield generators                       
hardpoint_docking_collar                          S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Crew_Carrack                                     Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool_turrets               S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Turret_Carrack                                   Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_ANVL_Carrack                              UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     ANVL_Carrack_ShipATCDataManager                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                

