ANVL_Hornet_F7CM_MM
hardpoint_paint                                   S1   Paints.UNDEFINED                                  Paint_Hornet_Fleetweek_White_Camo                                Paints                                  
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     ANVL_Hornet_F7CM_SeatAccess                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     ANVL_Hornet_F7CM_Dashboard_Pilot                                 UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                           RADR_Display                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Aim_HUD                                          S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S0                                                     RADR_Display                                                     DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_self_destruct_pilot                     S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_10s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_seat_copilot                            S0                                                     ANVL_Hornet_F7CM_Seat_Copilot                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     ANVL_Hornet_F7CM_Seat_Pilot                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_copilot                       S0                                                     ANVL_Hornet_F7CM_Dashboard_Copilot                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_power_plant                             S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_AEGS_S01_Regulus_SCItem                                     Power plants                            
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S01_Bracer_SCItem                                      Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S01_Bracer_SCItem                                      Coolers                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_shield_generator_left                   S0   Shield.UNDEFINED                                                                                                   Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_right                  S0   Shield.UNDEFINED                                                                                                   Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_ANVL_Hornet_F7CM                                            Armor                                   
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_copilot                           S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_engine_attach                           S3   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ANVL_Hornet_F7C_Thruster_Main                                    Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_back_left               S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Hornet_F7C_Thruster_Mav_Joint_01                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_back_right              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Hornet_F7C_Thruster_Mav_Joint_01                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_front_left              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Hornet_F7C_Thruster_Mav_Joint_01                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_front_right             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Hornet_F7C_Thruster_Mav_Joint_01                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_front_right                S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Hornet_F7C_Thruster_Retro                                   Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_top_front_left                 S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Hornet_F7C_Thruster_Retro                                   Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_top_back_right                 S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Hornet_F7C_Thruster_Mav_Joint_02                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_back_left                  S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Hornet_F7C_Thruster_Mav_Joint_02                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ANVL_Hornet_F7CM                                            Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ANVL_Hornet_F7CM                                            Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ANVL_Hornet_F7CM                                            Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_right                         S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ANVL_Hornet_F7CM                                            Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_ANVL_Hornet_F7CM                                            Quantum fuel tanks                      
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon_copilot               S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_gun_nose                                S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           ANVL_Hornet_F7C_Nose_Turret                                      Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_class_1_left                           S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_1_right                          S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_1_left                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_class_1_right                          S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_gun_wing_left                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_gun_wing_right                          S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_gun_center                              S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           ANVL_Hornet_F7C_Ball_Turret                                      Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_right                                     S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_left                                      S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
 turret_right                                     S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_missile_left                            S3   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S03_BEHR_Quad_S01                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missile_right                           S3   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S03_BEHR_Quad_S01                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_countermeasure_left                     S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ANVL_CML_Decoy_Small                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_right                    S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ANVL_CML_Noise_Small                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool                       S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_S4                                               Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool_turrets               S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_ANVL_Hornet                               UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     ANVL_Hornet_ShipATCDataManager                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                

