ANVL_Valkyrie_Unmanned_Salvage
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     ANVL_Valkyrie_SCItem_Seat_Pilot                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_pilot_seataccess                        S0                                                     ANVL_Valkyrie_SCItem_SeatAccess                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     ANVL_Valkyrie_SCItem_Dashboard_Pilot                             UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                           RADR_Display                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S0                                                     RADR_Display                                                     DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_selfdestruct                            S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_30s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_door_right                              S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    ANVL_Valkyrie_Door_Right                                         Doors                                   
hardpoint_door_left                               S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    ANVL_Valkyrie_Door_Left                                          Doors                                   
hardpoint_door_rear                               S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    ANVL_Valkyrie_Rear_Ramp                                          Doors                                   
hardpoint_cargo_grid                              S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               ANVL_Valkyrie_CargoGrid                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_powerplant_left                         S2   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_AEGS_S02_Maelstrom_SCItem                                   Power plants                            
hardpoint_powerplant_right                        S2   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_AEGS_S02_Maelstrom_SCItem                                   Power plants                            
hardpoint_fueltank1                               S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ANVL_Valkyrie                                               Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fueltank2                               S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ANVL_Valkyrie                                               Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fueltank3                               S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ANVL_Valkyrie                                               Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fueltank4                               S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ANVL_Valkyrie                                               Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ANVL_Valkyrie                                               Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ANVL_Valkyrie                                               Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S2   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S02_Arctic_SCItem                                      Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S2   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S02_Arctic_SCItem                                      Coolers                                 
hardpoint_quantum_fuel                            S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_ANVL_Valkyrie                                               Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S2   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_TARS_S02_Odyssey_SCItem                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator_left                   S2   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S02_FullStop_SCItem                                    Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_right                  S2   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S02_FullStop_SCItem                                    Shield generators                       
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_ANVL_Valkyrie                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_ANVL_Valkyrie                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S2                                                     RADR_CHCO_S02_Surveyor                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_ANVL_Valkyrie                                               Armor                                   
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_thruster_main_rear_left                 S3   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ANVL_Valkyrie_Thruster_Main_Rear                                 Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_rear_right                S3   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ANVL_Valkyrie_Thruster_Main_Rear                                 Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_front_left                S3   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ANVL_Valkyrie_Thruster_Main_Front                                Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_front_right               S3   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ANVL_Valkyrie_Thruster_Main_Front                                Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_top_front_left                 S3   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    ANVL_Valkyrie_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_front_left                S3   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    ANVL_Valkyrie_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_front_left              S3   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    ANVL_Valkyrie_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_front_right                S3   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    ANVL_Valkyrie_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_front_right               S3   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    ANVL_Valkyrie_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_front_right             S3   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    ANVL_Valkyrie_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_rear_left                  S3   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    ANVL_Valkyrie_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_rear_left                 S3   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    ANVL_Valkyrie_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_rear_left               S3   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    ANVL_Valkyrie_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_rear_right                 S3   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    ANVL_Valkyrie_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_rear_right                S3   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    ANVL_Valkyrie_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_rear_right              S3   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    ANVL_Valkyrie_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S3   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ANVL_Valkyrie_Thruster_Retro                                     Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S3   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ANVL_Valkyrie_Thruster_Retro                                     Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_aux_left                       S3   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ANVL_Valkyrie_Thruster_Main_Aux                                  Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_aux_right                      S3   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ANVL_Valkyrie_Thruster_Main_Aux                                  Main thrusters                          
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon_remote_left           S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon_remote_right          S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_pilot                            S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           ANVL_Valkyrie_Nose_Turret                                        Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_left                                   S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S2                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_right                                  S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S2                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_left                                   S2                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S2                                            DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_right                                  S2                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S2                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_wing_left                        S5   WeaponGun.Gun                                     ANVL_Valkyrie_SCItem_Remote_Turret_Left                          Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_gun                                       S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_gun                                       S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_weapon_wing_right                       S5   WeaponGun.Gun                                     ANVL_Valkyrie_SCItem_Remote_Turret_Right                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_gun                                       S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_gun                                       S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_turret_top                              S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           ANVL_Valkyrie_Turret_Top                                         Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_right                                     S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_left                                      S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Manned turrets                          
 turret_right                                     S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_turret_top_seataccess                   S0                                                     ANVL_Valkyrie_SeatAccess_Turret_Top                              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_top_radar                        S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_bottom                           S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           ANVL_Valkyrie_Turret_Bubble                                      Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_turret_bottom_seataccess                S0                                                     ANVL_Valkyrie_SeatAccess_Turret_Bubble                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_bottom_radar                     S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_console_left                     S1   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           ANVL_Valkyrie_Turret_Console_Left                                Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_turret_console_left_access              S1   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           ANVL_Valkyrie_SCItem_Turret_Left_Access                          Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_turret_console_left_radar               S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_console_right                    S1   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           ANVL_Valkyrie_Turret_Console_Right                               Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_turret_console_right_access             S1   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           ANVL_Valkyrie_SCItem_Turret_Right_Access                         Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_turret_console_right_radar              S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_door_right                       S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           ANVL_Valkyrie_Turret_Door_Right                                  Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_turret_weapon                          S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     GATS_BallisticGatling_S1                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_turret_weapon                          S1   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           GATS_BallisticGatling_S1                                         Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_turret_door_left                        S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           ANVL_Valkyrie_Turret_Door_Left                                   Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_turret_weapon                          S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     GATS_BallisticGatling_S1                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_turret_weapon                          S1   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           GATS_BallisticGatling_S1                                         Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_CML1                                    S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ANVL_Valkyrie_CML_Flare                                          Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_CML2                                    S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ANVL_Valkyrie_CML_Chaff                                          Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Crew_Valkyrie                                    Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool_turrets               S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Turret_Valkyrie                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_ANVL_Valkyrie                             UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     ANVL_Valkyrie_ShipATCDataManager                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_Weapon_Cabinet_01                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_ANVL_Valkyrie_1Slot                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_Weapon_Cabinet_02                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_ANVL_Valkyrie_1Slot                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_Weapon_Cabinet_03                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_ANVL_Valkyrie_1Slot                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_Weapon_Cabinet_04                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_ANVL_Valkyrie_1Slot                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_Weapon_Cabinet_05                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_ANVL_Valkyrie_1Slot                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_Weapon_Cabinet_11                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_ANVL_Valkyrie_1Slot                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_Weapon_Cabinet_12                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_ANVL_Valkyrie_1Slot                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_Weapon_Cabinet_13                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_ANVL_Valkyrie_1Slot                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_Weapon_Cabinet_14                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_ANVL_Valkyrie_1Slot                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_Weapon_Cabinet_15                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_ANVL_Valkyrie_1Slot                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_Weapon_Cabinet_06                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_ANVL_Valkyrie_1Slot                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_Weapon_Cabinet_07                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_ANVL_Valkyrie_1Slot                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_Weapon_Cabinet_08                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_ANVL_Valkyrie_1Slot                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_Weapon_Cabinet_09                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_ANVL_Valkyrie_1Slot                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_Weapon_Cabinet_10                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_ANVL_Valkyrie_1Slot                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_Weapon_Cabinet_16                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_ANVL_Valkyrie_1Slot                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_Weapon_Cabinet_17                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_ANVL_Valkyrie_1Slot                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_Weapon_Cabinet_18                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_ANVL_Valkyrie_1Slot                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_Weapon_Cabinet_19                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_ANVL_Valkyrie_1Slot                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_Weapon_Cabinet_20                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_ANVL_Valkyrie_1Slot                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 

