ANVL_Hawk
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     ANVL_Hawk_SeatAccess                                             UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     ANVL_Hawk_Seat_Pilot                                             UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_prisoner                           S0                                                     Door_Ship_Exterior_ANVL_Hawk_Bounty_Pod                          UNKNOWN                                 
 Exterior_Button                                  S0                                                     ControlPanel_Screen_DoorControl_Physical_Hawk                    UNKNOWN                                 
 StackingPoint1                                   S2                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     ANVL_Hawk_Dashboard_Pilot                                        UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                           ANVL_Arrow_RADR_Display                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S0                                                     ANVL_Arrow_RADR_Display                                          DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_self_destruct_pilot                     S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_10s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_power_plant                             S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_AEGS_S01_Regulus_SCItem                                     Power plants                            
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S01_Bracer_SCItem                                      Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S01_Bracer_SCItem                                      Coolers                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_ANVL_Hawk                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator_left                   S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S01_AllStop_SCItem                                     Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_right                  S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S01_AllStop_SCItem                                     Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_ANVL_Hawk                                                   Armor                                   
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_ANVL_Hawk                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_WLOP_S01_Capstan                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_main_thruster_left                      S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ANVL_Hawk_Thruster_Main                                          Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_main_thruster_right                     S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ANVL_Hawk_Thruster_Main                                          Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_retro_thruster_left                     S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Hawk_Thruster_Retro                                         Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_retro_thruster_right                    S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Hawk_Thruster_Retro                                         Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_mav_thruster_tail_left                  S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ANVL_Hawk_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_tail_right                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ANVL_Hawk_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_tail_bottom                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ANVL_Hawk_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_right_bottom               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ANVL_Hawk_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_right_top                  S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Hawk_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_left_bottom                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ANVL_Hawk_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_left_top                   S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Hawk_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_body_left                  S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Hawk_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_body_right                 S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Hawk_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_body_top                   S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Hawk_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ANVL_Hawk                                                   Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ANVL_Hawk                                                   Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ANVL_Hawk                                                   Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_right                         S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ANVL_Hawk                                                   Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S1   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_ARCC_S01_Rush_SCItem                                        UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S1   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                                                                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_ANVL_Hawk                                                   Quantum fuel tanks                      
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_nose_left                        S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     JOKR_DistortionCannon_S1                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_nose_right                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     JOKR_DistortionCannon_S1                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_wing_bottom_left                 S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S2                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_wing_top_left                    S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S2                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_wing_bottom_right                S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S2                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_wing_top_right                   S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S2                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_missile_emp                             S2   EMP.UNDEFINED                                     ANVL_Hawk_EMP_Device_S2                                          EMP hardpoints                          
hardpoint_countermeasure_left                     S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ANVL_Hawk_CML_Flare                                              Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_right                    S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ANVL_Hawk_CML_Chaff                                              Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_weapon_rack                             S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_ANVL_Hawk_1Slot                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Crew_Dogfighter                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool_turrets               S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_ANVL_Hawk                                 UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     ANVL_Hawk_ShipATCDataManager                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                

