ANVL_Terrapin_Unmanned_Salvage
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_ANVL_Terrapin                                               Armor                                   
hardpoint_self_destruct_pilot                     S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_30s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_ANVL_Terrapin                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_ANVL_Terrapin                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     ANVL_Terrapin_ShipATCDataManager                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Crew_Terrapin                                    Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool_turrets               S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Turret_Terrapin                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     ANVL_Terrapin_SCItem_SeatAccess                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access_support                     S0                                                     ANVL_Terrapin_SCItem_SeatAccess_Support                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     ANVL_Terrapin_SCItem_Seat_Pilot                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     ANVL_Terrapin_SCItem_Dashboard_Pilot                             UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                           RADR_Display                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S0                                                     RADR_Display                                                     DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_support                            S0                                                     ANVL_Terrapin_Support_Turret                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_scanner                                S3   Scanner.Gun                                       ANVL_Terrapin_Support_Scanner                                    Scanners                                
 hardpoint_scanner                                S0                                                     ANVL_Terrapin_Support_Scanner                                    DISABLED                                
hardpoint_power_plant                             S2   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_SASU_S02_DayBreak_SCItem                                    Power plants                            
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S01_Polar_SCItem                                       Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S01_Polar_SCItem                                       Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_middle                           S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S01_Polar_SCItem                                       Coolers                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator                        S2   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BEHR_S02_5MA_SCItem                                         Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_02                     S2   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BEHR_S02_5MA_SCItem                                         Shield generators                       
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_CHCO_S01_SurveyorLite                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_support                           S1                                                     RADR_CHCO_S01_SurveyorLite                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_thruster_main_front_left                S3   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ANVL_Terrapin_Thruster_Main                                      Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_front_right               S3   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ANVL_Terrapin_Thruster_Main                                      Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_rear_left                 S3   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ANVL_Terrapin_Thruster_Main                                      Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_rear_right                S3   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ANVL_Terrapin_Thruster_Main                                      Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_left                    S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Terrapin_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_right                   S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Terrapin_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_bottom_right              S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Terrapin_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_bottom_left               S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Terrapin_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_left                       S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Terrapin_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_right                      S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Terrapin_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_top_right                 S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Terrapin_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_top_left                  S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Terrapin_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_left                      S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Terrapin_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_right                     S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Terrapin_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S2   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ANVL_Terrapin_Thruster_Retro                                     Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S2   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ANVL_Terrapin_Thruster_Retro                                     Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ANVL_Terrapin                                               Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ANVL_Terrapin                                               Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ANVL_Terrapin                                               Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_right                         S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ANVL_Terrapin                                               Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S1   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_RSI_S01_Eos_SCItem                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S1   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                                                                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_ANVL_Terrapin                                               Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_weapon_nose                             S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     ANVL_Terrapin_Nose_Turret                                        Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_01                              S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S2                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_02                              S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S2                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_01                              S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S2                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_02                              S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S2                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_countermeasure_left                     S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ANVL_CML_Decoy_Small                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_right                    S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ANVL_CML_Noise_Small                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_control_panel                           S1   UNDEFINED.UNDEFINED                               ANVL_Terrapin_ControlPanel_Exterior                              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_door_SideRamp                           S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    ANVL_Terrapin_Ramp                                               Doors                                   
hardpoint_Bed                                     S1   Usable.UNDEFINED                                  Bed_Single_Terrapin_ANVL                                         Usables                                 
 Pillow                                           S2                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_rack_forward                     S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_ANVL_Terrapin                                        Weapon hardpoints                       
 $IP_weapon_large_01                              S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_weapon_large_02                              S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_weapon_small_01                              S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_weapon_small_02                              S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_weapon_small_03                              S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_rack_aft                         S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_ANVL_Terrapin                                        Weapon hardpoints                       
 $IP_weapon_large_01                              S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_weapon_large_02                              S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_weapon_small_01                              S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_weapon_small_02                              S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_weapon_small_03                              S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_ANVL_Terrapin                             UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                

