ANVL_Gladiator
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     ANVL_Gladiator_SCItem_SeatAccess                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     ANVL_Gladiator_SCItem_Seat_Pilot                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     ANVL_Gladiator_SCItem_Dashboard_Pilot                            UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                           RADR_Display                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S0                                                     RADR_Display                                                     DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_selfdestruct                            S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_10s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_power_plant                             S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_AEGS_S01_Regulus_SCItem                                     Power plants                            
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S01_Bracer_SCItem                                      Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S01_Bracer_SCItem                                      Coolers                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_ANVL_Gladiator                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator_left                   S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S01_AllStop_SCItem                                     Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_right                  S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S01_AllStop_SCItem                                     Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_ANVL_Gladiator                                              Armor                                   
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_ANVL_Gladiator                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_turret                            S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_engine_left                             S1   MainThruster.JointThruster                        ANVL_Gladiator_Thruster_Main                                     Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_engine_right                            S1   MainThruster.JointThruster                        ANVL_Gladiator_Thruster_Main                                     Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_top_front_left                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    ANVL_Gladiator_Thruster_Retro                                    Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_top_front_right                S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    ANVL_Gladiator_Thruster_Retro                                    Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_top_back_left                  S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    ANVL_Gladiator_Thruster_Mav_Joint_01                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_back_right                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    ANVL_Gladiator_Thruster_Mav_Joint_01                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_front_left              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Gladiator_Thruster_Mav_Joint_02                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_front_right             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Gladiator_Thruster_Mav_Joint_02                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_back_left               S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Gladiator_Thruster_Mav_Joint_02                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_back_right              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Gladiator_Thruster_Mav_Joint_02                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ANVL_Gladiator                                              Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ANVL_Gladiator                                              Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ANVL_Gladiator                                              Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_right                         S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ANVL_Gladiator                                              Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S1   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_WETK_S01_Beacon_SCItem                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S1   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                                                                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_ANVL_Gladiator                                              Quantum fuel tanks                      
LandingPad_Helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_class_2_left_wing                       S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_class_2_right_wing                      S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_turret                                  S6   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           ANVL_Gladiator_SCItem_Turret                                     Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_missilerack_left_wing_outer             S3   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S03_BEHR_Dual_S02                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missilerack_left_wing_inner             S3   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S03_BEHR_Dual_S02                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missilerack_right_wing_outer            S3   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S03_BEHR_Dual_S02                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missilerack_right_wing_inner            S3   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S03_BEHR_Dual_S02                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_torpedorack_left                        S6   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S06_ANVL_Gladiator                                          Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S5   Missile.Torpedo                                   MISL_S05_CS_TALN_Stalker                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_02_attach                                S5   Missile.Torpedo                                   MISL_S05_CS_TALN_Stalker                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_01_attach                                S5                                                     MISL_S05_CS_TALN_Stalker                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S5                                                     MISL_S05_CS_TALN_Stalker                                         DISABLED                                
hardpoint_torpedorack_right                       S6   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S06_ANVL_Gladiator                                          Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S5   Missile.Torpedo                                   MISL_S05_CS_TALN_Stalker                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_02_attach                                S5   Missile.Torpedo                                   MISL_S05_CS_TALN_Stalker                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_01_attach                                S5                                                     MISL_S05_CS_TALN_Stalker                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S5                                                     MISL_S05_CS_TALN_Stalker                                         DISABLED                                
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_center          S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ANVL_Gladiator_CML_Flare                                         Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_left            S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ANVL_Gladiator_CML_Chaff                                         Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_right           S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ANVL_Gladiator_CML_Flare                                         Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Crew_HeavyFighter                                Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool_turrets               S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Turret_S1                                        Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_ANVL_Gladiator                            UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     ANVL_Gladiator_ShipATCDataManager                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                

