ANVL_Hornet_F7A_Mk1_V4
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     ANVL_Hornet_SeatAccess                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     ANVL_Hornet_Seat_Pilot                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     ANVL_Hornet_Dashboard_Pilot                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                           RADR_Display                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Aim_HUD                                          S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S0                                                     RADR_Display                                                     DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_self_destruct_pilot                     S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_10s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_power_plant                             S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_LPLT_S01_PowerBolt_SCItem                                   Power plants                            
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_LPLT_S01_ArcticStorm_SCItem                                 Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_LPLT_S01_ArcticStorm_SCItem                                 Coolers                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_ANVL_Hornet                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator_left                   S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_SECO_S01_WEB_SCItem                                         Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_right                  S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_SECO_S01_WEB_SCItem                                         Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_ANVL_Hornet_F7A                                             Armor                                   
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_ANVL_Hornet_F7A_Mk1                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_engine_attach                           S3   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ANVL_Hornet_F7C_Thruster_Main                                    Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_back_left               S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Hornet_F7C_Thruster_Mav_Joint_01                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_back_right              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Hornet_F7C_Thruster_Mav_Joint_01                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_front_left              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Hornet_F7C_Thruster_Mav_Joint_01                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_front_right             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Hornet_F7C_Thruster_Mav_Joint_01                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_front_right                S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Hornet_F7C_Thruster_Retro                                   Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_top_front_left                 S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Hornet_F7C_Thruster_Retro                                   Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_top_back_right                 S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Hornet_F7C_Thruster_Mav_Joint_02                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_back_left                  S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Hornet_F7C_Thruster_Mav_Joint_02                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ANVL_Hornet_F7A_Mk1                                         Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ANVL_Hornet_F7A_Mk1                                         Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ANVL_Hornet_F7A_Mk1                                         Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_right                         S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ANVL_Hornet_F7A_Mk1                                         Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S1   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_RSI_S01_Eos_SCItem                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S1   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                                                                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_ANVL_Hornet_F7A_Mk1                                         Quantum fuel tanks                      
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_class_4_nose                            S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           ANVL_Hornet_F7A_Mk1_Nose_Turret                                  Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_class_1_left                           S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S2                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_1_right                          S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S2                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_1_left                           S2                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S2                                            DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_class_1_right                          S2                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S2                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_class_2_left_wing                       S4   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S4                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     GATS_BallisticGatling_S3                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S3                                                     GATS_BallisticGatling_S3                                         DISABLED                                
hardpoint_class_2_right_wing                      S4   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S4                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     GATS_BallisticGatling_S3                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S3                                                     GATS_BallisticGatling_S3                                         DISABLED                                
hardpoint_class_4_center                          S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_weapon_S3_left                         S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_S3_right                        S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_class_3_left_bay_door                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 missile_01_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
                                                  S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
                                                  S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_class_3_left_bay_door_outer             S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 missile_01_attach                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_class_3_right_bay_door                  S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 missile_01_attach                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
                                                  S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
                                                  S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_class_3_right_bay_door_outer            S3   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S03_BEHR_Quad_S01                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                                                                                    Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                                                                                    Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
Intake_Hardpoint_CounterMeasure_Left              S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ANVL_CML_Decoy_Small                                             Countermeasures                         
Intake_Hardpoint_CounterMeasure_Right             S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ANVL_CML_Noise_Small                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Crew_MultiRoleFighter                            Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool_turrets               S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_ANVL_Hornet                               UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     ANVL_Hornet_ShipATCDataManager                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cargo                                   S1   Container.Cargo                                   Cargo_Pod_F7C_TEMP                                               Cargo containers                        

