ARGO_MOLE
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_ARGO_MOLE                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_ARGO_MOLE                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_scanner                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_mining_cab_left              S0                                                     Controller_Mining                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     ARGO_MOLE_SCItem_Seat                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     ARGO_MOLE_Dashboard_Pilot                                        UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Pilot_MOLE                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Pilot_MOLE                                         DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     ARGO_MOLE_SCItem_SeatAccess                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_self_destruct_pilot                     S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_45s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_seat_copilot                            S0                                                     ARGO_MOLE_SCItem_CoPilot_Seat                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_copilot                       S0                                                     ARGO_MOLE_Dashboard_CoPilot                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access_copilot                     S0                                                     ARGO_MOLE_SCItem_SeatAccess_Copilot                              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S2                                                     RADR_CHCO_S02_Surveyor                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_power_plant                             S3   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_JUST_S03_Ginzel_SCItem                                      Power plants                            
hardpoint_cooler                                  S3   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_JUST_S03_ThermalCore_SCItem                                 Coolers                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator_left                   S2   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BEHR_S02_5MA_SCItem                                         Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_right                  S2   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BEHR_S02_5MA_SCItem                                         Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_ARGO_MOLE                                                   Armor                                   
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S2   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_JUST_S02_Huracan_SCItem                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_ARGO_MOLE                                                   Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ARGO_MOLE                                                   Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ARGO_MOLE                                                   Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ARGO_MOLE                                                   Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_right                         S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ARGO_MOLE                                                   Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_gun_left                                S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S2                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_gun_right                               S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S2                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_left            S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            MISC_Prospector_CML_Flare                                        Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_right           S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            MISC_Prospector_CML_Chaff                                        Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_mining_cab_front                        S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           ARGO_MOLE_Turret_Front                                           Mining turrets                          
 hardpoint_weapon_mining                          S2   WeaponMining.Gun                                  Mining_Laser_GRIN_Arbor_S2                                       Mining hardpoints                       
  BONE_ItemPort_Consumable_1                      S1   MiningModifier.Gun                                                                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
  BONE_ItemPort_Consumable_2                      S1   MiningModifier.Gun                                                                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
 Mining_HUD                                       S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Mining_MOLE                                        UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_mining                          S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Mining_Laser_GRIN_Arbor_S2                                       Weapon hardpoints                       
 Mining_HUD                                       S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Mining_MOLE                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_mining_cab_front_access                 S0                                                     ARGO_MOLE_TurretFront_SeatAccess                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_mining_cab_left                         S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           ARGO_MOLE_Turret_Left                                            Mining turrets                          
 hardpoint_weapon_mining                          S2   WeaponMining.Gun                                  Mining_Laser_GRIN_Arbor_S2                                       Mining hardpoints                       
  BONE_ItemPort_Consumable_1                      S1   MiningModifier.Gun                                                                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
  BONE_ItemPort_Consumable_2                      S1   MiningModifier.Gun                                                                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
 Mining_HUD                                       S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Mining_MOLE_Side                                   UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_mining                          S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Mining_Laser_GRIN_Arbor_S2                                       Weapon hardpoints                       
 Mining_HUD                                       S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Mining_MOLE_Side                                   DISABLED                                
hardpoint_mining_cab_left_access                  S0                                                     ARGO_MOLE_TurretLeft_SeatAccess                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_mining_cab_right                        S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           ARGO_MOLE_Turret_Right                                           Mining turrets                          
 hardpoint_weapon_mining                          S2   WeaponMining.Gun                                  Mining_Laser_GRIN_Arbor_S2                                       Mining hardpoints                       
  BONE_ItemPort_Consumable_1                      S1   MiningModifier.Gun                                                                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
  BONE_ItemPort_Consumable_2                      S1   MiningModifier.Gun                                                                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
 Mining_HUD                                       S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Mining_MOLE_Side                                   UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_mining                          S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Mining_Laser_GRIN_Arbor_S2                                       Weapon hardpoints                       
 Mining_HUD                                       S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Mining_MOLE_Side                                   DISABLED                                
hardpoint_mining_cab_right_access                 S0                                                     ARGO_MOLE_TurretRight_SeatAccess                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_thruster_main_left_top                  S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ARGO_MOLE_Thruster_Main                                          Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_left_bottom               S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ARGO_MOLE_Thruster_Main                                          Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_right_top                 S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ARGO_MOLE_Thruster_Main                                          Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_right_bottom              S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ARGO_MOLE_Thruster_Main                                          Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S1   ManneuverThruster.Retro                           ARGO_MOLE_Thruster_Retro                                         Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S1   ManneuverThruster.Retro                           ARGO_MOLE_Thruster_Retro                                         Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_front_top_left                 S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ARGO_MOLE_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_top_right                S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ARGO_MOLE_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_top_left                  S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ARGO_MOLE_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_top_right                 S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ARGO_MOLE_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_bottom_left              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ARGO_MOLE_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_bottom_right             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ARGO_MOLE_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_bottom_left               S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ARGO_MOLE_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_bottom_right              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ARGO_MOLE_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_vtol_left                S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ARGO_MOLE_Thruster_VTOL                                          VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_front_vtol_right               S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ARGO_MOLE_Thruster_VTOL                                          VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_rear_vtol_left                 S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ARGO_MOLE_Thruster_VTOL_Rear                                     VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_rear_vtol_right                S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ARGO_MOLE_Thruster_VTOL_Rear                                     VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_controller_mining_cab_right             S0                                                     Controller_Mining                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_mining_cab_front             S0                                                     Controller_Mining                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_scanner_cab_front            S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_scanner_cab_left             S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_scanner_cab_right            S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping_cab_front                          S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping_cab_left                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping_cab_right                          S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_radar_cab_front                         S2                                                     RADR_CHCO_S02_Surveyor                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_cab_left                          S2                                                     RADR_CHCO_S02_Surveyor                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_cab_right                         S2                                                     RADR_CHCO_S02_Surveyor                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_mining_pod_1                            S1   Container.Cargo                                   Cargo_Mining_Pod_Mole                                            Cargo containers                        
hardpoint_mining_pod_2                            S1   Container.Cargo                                   Cargo_Mining_Pod_Mole                                            Cargo containers                        
hardpoint_mining_pod_3                            S1   Container.Cargo                                   Cargo_Mining_Pod_Mole                                            Cargo containers                        
hardpoint_mining_pod_4                            S1   Container.Cargo                                   Cargo_Mining_Pod_Mole                                            Cargo containers                        
hardpoint_mining_pod_5                            S1   Container.Cargo                                   Cargo_Mining_Pod_Mole                                            Cargo containers                        
hardpoint_mining_pod_6                            S1   Container.Cargo                                   Cargo_Mining_Pod_Mole                                            Cargo containers                        
hardpoint_mining_pod_7                            S1   Container.Cargo                                   Cargo_Mining_Pod_Mole                                            Cargo containers                        
hardpoint_mining_pod_8                            S1   Container.Cargo                                   Cargo_Mining_Pod_Mole                                            Cargo containers                        
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Crew_MOLE                                        Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool_turrets               S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Turret_MOLE                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_ARGO_MOLE                                 UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     ARGO_MOLE_ShipATCDataManager                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_elevator                                S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_ARGO_MOLE_Elevator                            Doors                                   
hardpoint_elevator_door                           S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_ARGO_MOLE_Elevator_Door                       Doors                                   
hardpoint_controller_mining_pilot                 S0                                                     Controller_Mining                                                UNKNOWN                                 

