CNOU_Mustang_Alpha
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     CNOU_Mustang_SeatAccess                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_pilot_seat                              S0                                                     CNOU_Mustang_Seat_Pilot                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard                               S0                                                     CNOU_Mustang_Dashboard                                           UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_self_destruct_pilot                     S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_10s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_power_plant                             S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_LPLT_S01_ZapJet_SCItem                                      Power plants                            
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_JSPN_S01_WinterStar_SCItem                                  Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_JSPN_S01_WinterStar_SCItem                                  Coolers                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_CNOU_Mustang                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator_left                   S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_SECO_S01_INK_SCItem                                         Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_right                  S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_SECO_S01_INK_SCItem                                         Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_CNOU_Mustang_Alpha                                          Armor                                   
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_CNOU_Mustang_Alpha                             UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_WLOP_S01_Capstan                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_main_thruster_left                      S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        CNOU_Mustang_Thruster_Main                                       Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_main_thruster_right                     S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        CNOU_Mustang_Thruster_Main                                       Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_retro_thruster_left                     S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_Mustang_Thruster_Retro                                      Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_retro_thruster_right                    S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_Mustang_Thruster_Retro                                      Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_mav_thruster_front_bottom               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_Mustang_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_front_upper_right          S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_Mustang_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_front_lower_right          S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_Mustang_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_front_upper_left           S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_Mustang_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_front_lower_left           S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_Mustang_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_rear_top                   S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_Mustang_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_rear_right_top             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_Mustang_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_rear_right_bottom          S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_Mustang_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_rear_left_bottom           S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_Mustang_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_rear_left_top              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_Mustang_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_rear_left_side             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_Mustang_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_rear_right_side            S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_Mustang_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_CNOU_Mustang_Alpha                                          Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_CNOU_Mustang_Alpha                                          Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_CNOU_Mustang_Alpha                                          Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_right                         S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_CNOU_Mustang_Alpha                                          Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S1   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_ARCC_S01_Rush_SCItem                                        UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S1   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                               JDRV_TARS_S01_C_Explorer                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_jump_drive                             S1                                                     JDRV_TARS_S01_C_Explorer                                         DISABLED                                
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_CNOU_Mustang_Alpha                                          Quantum fuel tanks                      
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_nose                             S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     CNOU_Mustang_Nose_Turret                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_1_left                           S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S2                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_1_right                          S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S2                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_1_left                           S2                                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S2                                              DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_class_1_right                          S2                                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S2                                              DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_wing_left                        S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_wing_right                       S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_countermeasure_left                     S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            CNOU_CML_Decoy_Small                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_right                    S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            CNOU_CML_Noise_Small                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_cargo_module                            S4   Container.Cargo                                   CNOU_Mustang_Cargo_Rack                                          Cargo containers                        
 hardpoint_cargo_grid                             S1   Cargo                                             CNOU_Mustang_CargoGrid_Main                                      Cargo grids                             
 hardpoint_cargo_box_01                           S1   Cargo                                             CNOU_Mustang_Cargo_Box_Fake                                      Cargo grids                             
  hardpoint_front_door                            S0                                                     SimpleOpenableObject_CNOU_Mustang_CargoBox_Door                  UNKNOWN                                 
  hardpoint_rear_door                             S0                                                     SimpleOpenableObject_CNOU_Mustang_CargoBox_Door                  UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cargo_box_02                           S1   Cargo                                                                                                              Cargo grids                             
 hardpoint_cargo_box_03                           S1   Cargo                                                                                                              Cargo grids                             
 hardpoint_cargo_box_04                           S1   Cargo                                                                                                              Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Crew_Dogfighter                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool_turrets               S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_CNOU_Mustang                              UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     CNOU_Mustang_ShipATCDataManager                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                

