CRUS_Starlifter_C2_FW22NFZ
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_CRUS_Starlifter                                             Armor                                   
hardpoint_cockpit_selfDestruct                    S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_60s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_CRUS_Starlifter                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_scanner                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_CRUS_Starlifter                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_l                                S3   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_JUST_S03_ThermalCore_SCItem                                 Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_r                                S3   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_JUST_S03_ThermalCore_SCItem                                 Coolers                                 
hardpoint_countermeasures_3                       S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            CRUS_Starlifter_CML_Flare_Top_Left                               Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasures_4                       S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            CRUS_Starlifter_CML_Chaff_Top_Right                              Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasures_5                       S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            CRUS_Starlifter_CML_Flare_Under_Left                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasures_6                       S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            CRUS_Starlifter_CML_Chaff_Under_Right                            Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_fuel_intake_l                           S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_CRUS_Starlifter                                             Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_r                           S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_CRUS_Starlifter                                             Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_1                             S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_CRUS_Starlifter                                             Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_2                             S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_CRUS_Starlifter                                             Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S3   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_JUST_S03_Kama_SCItem                                        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_l                          S3   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_CRUS_Starlifter                                             Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_r                          S3   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_CRUS_Starlifter                                             Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_remote_turret_bottom                    S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           CRUS_Starlifter_SCItem_Remote_Turret_Main                        Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S4                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 turret_right                                     S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S4                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 turret_left                                      S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           BEHR_LaserCannon_S4                                              Manned turrets                          
 turret_right                                     S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           BEHR_LaserCannon_S4                                              Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_remote_turret_bottom_radar              S2                                                     RADR_CHCO_S02_Surveyor                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_power_plant_l                           S3   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_JUST_S03_Ginzel_SCItem                                      Power plants                            
hardpoint_remote_turret_rear                      S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           CRUS_Starlifter_SCItem_Remote_Turret_Rear                        Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S4                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 turret_right                                     S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S4                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 turret_right                                     S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           BEHR_LaserCannon_S4                                              Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           BEHR_LaserCannon_S4                                              Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_remote_turret_rear_controller           S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_remote_turret_rear_radar                S2                                                     RADR_CHCO_S02_Surveyor                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_copilot                            S0                                                     CRUS_Starlifter_SCItem_Seat_CoPilot                              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_copilot_seat_access                S0                                                     CRUS_Starlifter_SCItem_SeatAccess_Copilot                        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     CRUS_Starlifter_SCItem_Seat_Pilot                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot_seat_access                  S0                                                     CRUS_Starlifter_SCItem_SeatAccess_Pilot                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator_l                      S3   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BASL_S03_Stronghold_SCItem                                  Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_r                      S3   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BASL_S03_Stronghold_SCItem                                  Shield generators                       
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_front_left              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CRUS_Starlifter_Thruster_Mav_Front                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_front_right             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CRUS_Starlifter_Thruster_Mav_Front                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_rear_left               S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CRUS_Starlifter_Thruster_Mav                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_rear_right              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CRUS_Starlifter_Thruster_Mav                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_main_left_1                    S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        CRUS_Starlifter_Thruster_Main                                    Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_left_2                    S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        CRUS_Starlifter_Thruster_Main                                    Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_right_1                   S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        CRUS_Starlifter_Thruster_Main                                    Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_right_2                   S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        CRUS_Starlifter_Thruster_Main                                    Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_small_left                S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        CRUS_Starlifter_Thruster_Main_Aux                                Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_small_right               S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        CRUS_Starlifter_Thruster_Main_Aux                                Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_smaller_left              S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        CRUS_Starlifter_Thruster_Main_Aux_1                              Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_smaller_right             S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        CRUS_Starlifter_Thruster_Main_Aux_1                              Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CRUS_Starlifter_Thruster_Retro                                   Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CRUS_Starlifter_Thruster_Retro                                   Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_side_front_left                S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CRUS_Starlifter_Thruster_Mav                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_front_right               S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CRUS_Starlifter_Thruster_Mav                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_rear_left                 S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CRUS_Starlifter_Thruster_Mav                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_rear_right                S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CRUS_Starlifter_Thruster_Mav                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_front_left                 S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CRUS_Starlifter_Thruster_Mav_Front                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_front_right                S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CRUS_Starlifter_Thruster_Mav_Front                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_mid_left                   S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CRUS_Starlifter_Thruster_Mav                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_mid_right                  S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CRUS_Starlifter_Thruster_Mav                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_rear_left                  S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CRUS_Starlifter_Thruster_Mav                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_rear_right                 S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CRUS_Starlifter_Thruster_Mav                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_VTOL_wing_left                 S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        CRUS_Starlifter_Thruster_VTOL_Wing_Left                          VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_VTOL_wing_right                S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        CRUS_Starlifter_Thruster_VTOL_Wing_Right                         VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_VTOL_side_left                 S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        CRUS_Starlifter_Thruster_VTOL_Side_Left                          VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_VTOL_side_right                S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        CRUS_Starlifter_Thruster_VTOL_Side                               VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_weapon_top_left                         S5   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Mount_Gimbal_S5                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S4                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_class_2                                S4                                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S4                                              DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_top_right                        S5   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Mount_Gimbal_S5                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S4                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_class_2                                S4                                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S4                                              DISABLED                                
hardpoint_dashboard_copilot                       S0                                                     CRUS_Starlifter_SCItem_Dashboard_CoPilot                         UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     CRUS_Starlifter_SCItem_Dashboard_Pilot                           UNKNOWN                                 
 radar_helper                                     S2   Display                                           CRUS_Starlifter_RADR_Display                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1   Display                                           Projector_HUD_Generic                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 radar_helper                                     S0                                                     CRUS_Starlifter_RADR_Display                                     DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_rear_ramp                               S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_CRUS_Starlifter_Rear_Ramp                     Doors                                   
hardpoint_cargo_large                             S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               CRUS_Starlifter_CargoGrid_Large                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargo_small                             S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               CRUS_Starlifter_CargoGrid_Small                                  UNKNOWN                                 
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S2                                                     RADR_CHCO_S02_Surveyor                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_bridge_weapon_locker                    S1   Usable.UNDEFINED                                  Weapon_Rack_CRUS_Starlifter_Bridge_Weapon_Locker                 Usables                                 
 $IP_pistol_01                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_02                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_pod_weapon_locker_right                 S1   Usable.UNDEFINED                                  Weapon_Rack_Starlifter_Armory_Large                              Usables                                 
 $IP_rifle_01                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_02                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_03                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_04                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_05                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_06                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_07                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_08                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_01                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_02                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_03                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_04                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_05                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_06                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_07                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_08                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_09                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_10                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_11                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_12                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_pod_weapon_locker_left                  S1   Usable.UNDEFINED                                  Weapon_Rack_Starlifter_Armory_Large                              Usables                                 
 $IP_rifle_01                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_02                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_03                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_04                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_05                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_06                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_07                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_08                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_01                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_02                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_03                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_04                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_05                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_06                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_07                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_08                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_09                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_10                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_11                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_12                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_bomb_bay                                S10  Misc.UNDEFINED                                    CRUS_Starlifter_Bomb_Bay_Covers                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_chin_turret_cap                         S1   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           CRUS_Starlifter_chin_turret_cap                                  Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_front_door_left                         S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_CRUS_Starlifter_Front_Door_Left               Doors                                   
 hardpoint_Ext_Door_Left_Lg_HACK                  S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Ext_Door_Left_Sm_HACK                  S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_front_door_right                        S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_CRUS_Starlifter_Front_Door_Right              Doors                                   
 hardpoint_Ext_Door_Right_Lg_HACK                 S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Ext_Door_Right_Sm_HACK                 S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_front_door_bottom                       S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_CRUS_Starlifter_Door_Bottom                   Doors                                   
 hardpoint_Ext_Door_Bottom_HACK                   S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_front_ramp                              S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_CRUS_Starlifter_Front_Ramp                    Doors                                   
hardpoint_general_cargo_01                        S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   CRUS_Starlifter_CargoGrid_Personal_Large                         Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_general_cargo_02                        S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   CRUS_Starlifter_CargoGrid_Personal_Large                         Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_general_cargo_03                        S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   CRUS_Starlifter_CargoGrid_Personal_Large                         Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_general_cargo_04                        S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   CRUS_Starlifter_CargoGrid_Personal_Large                         Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_general_cargo_05                        S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   CRUS_Starlifter_CargoGrid_Personal_Large                         Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_general_cargo_06                        S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   CRUS_Starlifter_CargoGrid_Personal_Large                         Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_Elevator_Exterior_Door                  S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_CRUS_Starlifter_Elevator_Door                 Doors                                   
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Crew_Starlifter                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool_turrets               S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Turret_Starlifter                                Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_CRUS_Starlifter                           UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     CRUS_Starlifter_ShipATCDataManager                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                

