DRAK_Herald
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     DRAK_Herald_SCItem_Seat_Pilot                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     DRAK_Herald_SeatAccess                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_station                            S0                                                     DRAK_Herald_SCItem_Seat_Support                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_station                       S0                                                     DRAK_Herald_SCItem_Dashboard_Station                             UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_selfdestruct                    S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_30s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_power_plant                             S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_TYDT_S01_Slipstream_SCItem                                  Power plants                            
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_TYDT_S01_HeatSafe_SCItem                                    Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_TYDT_S01_HeatSafe_SCItem                                    Coolers                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_DRAK_Herald                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator_left                   S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_ASAS_S01_Shimmer_SCItem                                     Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_right                  S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_ASAS_S01_Shimmer_SCItem                                     Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armour                                  S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_DRAK_Herald                                                 Armor                                   
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_DRAK_Herald                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_WLOP_S01_Capstan                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_DRAK_Herald                                                 Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_DRAK_Herald                                                 Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_DRAK_Herald                                                 Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_right                         S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_DRAK_Herald                                                 Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S1   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_TARS_S01_Expedition_SCItem                                  UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S1   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                                                                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_DRAK_Herald                                                 Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_thruster_main_top                       S4   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        DRAK_Herald_Thruster_Main                                        Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_bottom                    S4   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        DRAK_Herald_Thruster_Aux                                         Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_front_right_front              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Herald_Thruster_Retro                                       Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_front_left_front               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Herald_Thruster_Retro                                       Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_front_left_top                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Herald_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_left_side                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Herald_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_left_bottom              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Herald_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_right_top                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Herald_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_right_side               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Herald_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_right_bottom             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Herald_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_back_left_top                  S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Herald_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_back_left_back                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Herald_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_back_left_side                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Herald_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_back_left_bottom               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Herald_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_back_right_top                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Herald_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_back_right_back                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Herald_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_back_right_side                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Herald_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_back_right_bottom              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Herald_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_s02_nose                         S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     GATS_BallisticGatling_S2                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S2                                                     GATS_BallisticGatling_S2                                         DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_s02_left_wing                    S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Mount_Gimbal_S2                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S1                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S1                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S1                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_s02_right_wing                   S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Mount_Gimbal_S2                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S1                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S1                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S1                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_pylon_left                              S3   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S03_BEHR_Quad_S01                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_EM_THCN_TaskForce                                       Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_EM_THCN_TaskForce                                       Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_EM_THCN_TaskForce                                       Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_EM_THCN_TaskForce                                       Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_EM_THCN_TaskForce                                       DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_EM_THCN_TaskForce                                       DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_EM_THCN_TaskForce                                       DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_EM_THCN_TaskForce                                       DISABLED                                
hardpoint_pylon_right                             S3   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S03_BEHR_Quad_S01                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_EM_THCN_TaskForce                                       Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_EM_THCN_TaskForce                                       Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_EM_THCN_TaskForce                                       Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_EM_THCN_TaskForce                                       Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_EM_THCN_TaskForce                                       DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_EM_THCN_TaskForce                                       DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_EM_THCN_TaskForce                                       DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_EM_THCN_TaskForce                                       DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cm_launcher_left_01                     S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            DRAK_CML_Decoy_Small                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_cm_launcher_right_01                    S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            DRAK_CML_Noise_Small                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_bed_body                                S1   Usable.UNDEFINED                                  Bed_Single_Herald_DRAK                                           Usables                                 
 Pillow                                           S2                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_ladder                                  S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_Herald_Ladder_Attachable                      Doors                                   
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Crew_SnubFighter                                 Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool_turrets               S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_DRAK_Herald                               UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     DRAK_Herald_ShipATCDataManager                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                

