DRAK_Caterpillar_Unmanned_Salvage
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     DRAK_Caterpillar_SCItem_SeatAccess                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     DRAK_Caterpillar_SCItem_Seat_Pilot                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_copilot                            S0                                                     DRAK_Caterpillar_SCItem_Seat_Copilot                             UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_support_left                       S0                                                     DRAK_Caterpillar_SCItem_Seat_SupportLeft                         UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_support_right                      S0                                                     DRAK_Caterpillar_SCItem_Seat_SupportRight                        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_engineering                        S0                                                     DRAK_Caterpillar_SCItem_Seat_Engineering                         UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_tractorbeam_left                   S0                                                     DRAK_Caterpillar_SCItem_Seat_TractorBeam                         Utility hardpoints                      
hardpoint_seat_tractorbeam_right                  S0                                                     DRAK_Caterpillar_SCItem_Seat_TractorBeam                         Utility hardpoints                      
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     DRAK_Caterpillar_SCItem_Dashboard_Pilot                          UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_dashboard_copilot                       S0                                                     DRAK_Caterpillar_SCItem_Dashboard_Copilot                        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_support_left                  S0                                                     DRAK_Caterpillar_SCItem_Dashboard_SupportLeft                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_support_right                 S0                                                     DRAK_Caterpillar_SCItem_Dashboard_SupportRight                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_self_destruct_pilot                     S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_60s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_power_plant                             S3   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_JUST_S03_Ginzel_SCItem                                      Power plants                            
hardpoint_power_plant_commandmodule               S3   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_JUST_S03_Ginzel_SCItem                                      Power plants                            
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S3   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_JUST_S03_ThermalCore_SCItem                                 Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S3   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_JUST_S03_ThermalCore_SCItem                                 Coolers                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_DRAK_Caterpillar                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator_left                   S3   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BASL_S03_Stronghold_SCItem                                  Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_right                  S3   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BASL_S03_Stronghold_SCItem                                  Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_DRAK_Caterpillar                                            Armor                                   
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_DRAK_Caterpillar                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S2                                                     RADR_WLOP_S02_Chernykh                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_turret_top                        S2                                                     RADR_WLOP_S02_Chernykh                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_turret_bottom                     S2                                                     RADR_WLOP_S02_Chernykh                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_thruster_main_left                      S3   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        DRAK_Caterpillar_Thruster_Main                                   Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_right                     S3   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        DRAK_Caterpillar_Thruster_Main                                   Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_center_left               S3   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        DRAK_Caterpillar_Thruster_Aux                                    Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_center_right              S3   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        DRAK_Caterpillar_Thruster_Aux                                    Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_set1_bottom_A                  S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Caterpillar_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_set1_bottom_B                  S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Caterpillar_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_set1_bottom_right              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Caterpillar_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_set1_bottom_left               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Caterpillar_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_set1_top                       S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Caterpillar_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_set1_top_right                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Caterpillar_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_set1_top_left                  S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Caterpillar_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_set1_retro_top_left            S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Caterpillar_Thruster_Retro                                  Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_set1_retro_top_right           S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Caterpillar_Thruster_Retro                                  Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_set1_retro_bottom              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Caterpillar_Thruster_Retro                                  Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_set2_bottom_A                  S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Caterpillar_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_set2_bottom_B                  S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Caterpillar_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_set2_bottom_right              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Caterpillar_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_set2_bottom_left               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Caterpillar_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_set2_top                       S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Caterpillar_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_set2_top_right                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Caterpillar_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_set2_top_left                  S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Caterpillar_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_set2_retro_top_left            S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Caterpillar_Thruster_Retro                                  Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_set2_retro_top_right           S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Caterpillar_Thruster_Retro                                  Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_set2_retro_bottom              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Caterpillar_Thruster_Retro                                  Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_set3_bottom_A                  S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Caterpillar_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_set3_bottom_B                  S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Caterpillar_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_set3_bottom_right              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Caterpillar_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_set3_bottom_left               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Caterpillar_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_set3_top                       S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Caterpillar_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_set3_top_right                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Caterpillar_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_set3_top_left                  S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Caterpillar_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_set4_bottom_A                  S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Caterpillar_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_set4_bottom_B                  S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Caterpillar_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_set4_bottom_right              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Caterpillar_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_set4_bottom_left               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Caterpillar_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_set4_top                       S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Caterpillar_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_set4_top_right                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Caterpillar_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_set4_top_left                  S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Caterpillar_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_DRAK_Caterpillar                                            Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_DRAK_Caterpillar                                            Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank                               S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_DRAK_Caterpillar                                            Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S3   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_WETK_S03_Pontes_SCItem                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S2   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_DRAK_Caterpillar                                            Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_cargogrid_nose                          S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               DRAK_Caterpillar_CargoGrid_Nose                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_nose_access                   S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               DRAK_Caterpillar_CargoGrid_Nose_Access                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_module_01                     S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               DRAK_Caterpillar_CargoGrid_Module                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_module_01_walkway             S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               DRAK_Caterpillar_CargoGrid_Module_Walkway                        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_module_01_ladder              S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               DRAK_Caterpillar_CargoGrid_Module_Ladder                         UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_module_02                     S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               DRAK_Caterpillar_CargoGrid_Module                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_module_02_walkway             S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               DRAK_Caterpillar_CargoGrid_Module_Walkway                        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_module_02_ladder              S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               DRAK_Caterpillar_CargoGrid_Module_Ladder                         UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_module_03                     S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               DRAK_Caterpillar_CargoGrid_Module                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_module_03_walkway             S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               DRAK_Caterpillar_CargoGrid_Module_Walkway                        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_module_03_ladder              S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               DRAK_Caterpillar_CargoGrid_Module_Ladder                         UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_module_04                     S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               DRAK_Caterpillar_CargoGrid_Module                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_module_04_walkway             S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               DRAK_Caterpillar_CargoGrid_Module_Walkway                        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_module_04_ladder              S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               DRAK_Caterpillar_CargoGrid_Module_Ladder                         UNKNOWN                                 
Hardpoint_LandingSystem                           S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_door_MainElevator                       S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    DRAK_Caterpillar_MainElevator                                    Doors                                   
hardpoint_door_FrontElevator                      S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    DRAK_Caterpillar_FrontElevator                                   Doors                                   
 hardpoint_door_switch_exterior                   S1                                                     Door_Ship_Switch_Exterior                                        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_door_Room1_Left                         S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    DRAK_Caterpillar_SideElevator_Room1_Left                         Doors                                   
 hardpoint_door_switch_exterior                   S1                                                     Door_Ship_Switch_Exterior                                        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_door_Room1_Right                        S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    DRAK_Caterpillar_SideElevator_Room1_Right                        Doors                                   
 hardpoint_door_switch_exterior                   S1                                                     Door_Ship_Switch_Exterior                                        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_door_Room2_Left                         S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    DRAK_Caterpillar_SideElevator_Room2_Left                         Doors                                   
 hardpoint_door_switch_exterior                   S1                                                     Door_Ship_Switch_Exterior                                        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_door_Room2_Right                        S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    DRAK_Caterpillar_SideElevator_Room2_Right                        Doors                                   
 hardpoint_door_switch_exterior                   S1                                                     Door_Ship_Switch_Exterior                                        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_door_Room3_Left                         S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    DRAK_Caterpillar_SideElevator_Room3_Left                         Doors                                   
 hardpoint_door_switch_exterior                   S1                                                     Door_Ship_Switch_Exterior                                        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_door_Room3_Right                        S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    DRAK_Caterpillar_SideElevator_Room3_Right                        Doors                                   
 hardpoint_door_switch_exterior                   S1                                                     Door_Ship_Switch_Exterior                                        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_door_Room4_Left                         S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    DRAK_Caterpillar_SideElevator_Room4_Left                         Doors                                   
 hardpoint_door_switch_exterior                   S1                                                     Door_Ship_Switch_Exterior                                        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_door_Room4_Right                        S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    DRAK_Caterpillar_SideElevator_Room4_Right                        Doors                                   
 hardpoint_door_switch_exterior                   S1                                                     Door_Ship_Switch_Exterior                                        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_right                            S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S2                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S2                                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S2                                              DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_left                             S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S2                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S2                                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S2                                              DISABLED                                
                                                  S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_top                              S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     DRAK_Dual_S3                                                     Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_01                              S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S3                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_02                              S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S3                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_01                              S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S3                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_02                              S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S3                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_turret_top                              S6   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           DRAK_Caterpillar_SCItem_Turret_Top                               Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S4                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S4                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S2                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S2                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_turret_bottom                           S6   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           DRAK_Caterpillar_SCItem_Turret_Bottom                            Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S4                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S4                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S2                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S2                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_countermeasure_flare_1                  S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            JOKR_Defcon_CML_Flare                                            Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_chaff_1                  S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            JOKR_Defcon_CML_Chaff                                            Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Crew_Caterpillar                                 Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool_turrets               S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Turret_Caterpillar                               Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_DRAK_Caterpillar                          UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     DRAK_Caterpillar_ShipATCDataManager                              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_door_state_relay                        S0                                                     ChipSet_Relay_TEMPLATE                                           DISABLED                                
hardpoint_tractorbeam_left                        S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           DRAK_Caterpillar_Remote_Turret_Left                              Utility hardpoints                      
 turret_weapon                                    S2   TractorBeam                                       GRIN_TractorBeam_S2                                              Utility hardpoints                      
 turret_weapon                                    S2   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           GRIN_TractorBeam_S2                                              Utility hardpoints                      
hardpoint_tractorbeam_right                       S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           DRAK_Caterpillar_Remote_Turret_Right                             Utility hardpoints                      
 turret_weapon                                    S2   TractorBeam                                       GRIN_TractorBeam_S2                                              Utility hardpoints                      
 turret_weapon                                    S2   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           GRIN_TractorBeam_S2                                              Utility hardpoints                      
hardpoint_controller_weapon_tractorbeam_left      S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                Utility hardpoints                      
hardpoint_controller_weapon_tractorbeam_right     S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                Utility hardpoints                      
hardpoint_controller_salvage_left                 S0                                                     Controller_Salvage_TractorBeamOnly                               Utility hardpoints                      
hardpoint_controller_salvage_right                S0                                                     Controller_Salvage_TractorBeamOnly                               Utility hardpoints                      

