DRAK_Cutlass_Black_Unmanned_NineTails
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     DRAK_Cutlass_SeatAccess_Pilot                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access_copilot                     S0                                                     DRAK_Cutlass_SeatAccess_CoPilot                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access_mannedturret                S0                                                     DRAK_Cutlass_SeatAccess_MannedTurret                             UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     DRAK_Cutlass_Seat_Pilot                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            DISABLED                                
                                                  S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_self_destruct_pilot                     S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_30s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_copilot_seat                            S0                                                     DRAK_Cutlass_Seat_CoPilot                                        UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            DISABLED                                
                                                  S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_power_plant                             S2   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_SASU_S02_DayBreak_SCItem                                    Power plants                            
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S2   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_LPLT_S02_ColdSnap_SCItem                                    Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S2   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_LPLT_S02_ColdSnap_SCItem                                    Coolers                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_DRAK_Cutlass                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator_right                  S2   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_SECO_S02_STOP_SCItem                                        Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armour                                  S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_DRAK_Cutlass_Black                                          Armor                                   
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_DRAK_Cutlass_Black                             UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S2                                                     RADR_WLOP_S02_Chernykh                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_copilot                           S2                                                     RADR_WLOP_S02_Chernykh                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_turret                            S2                                                     RADR_WLOP_S02_Chernykh                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_Main_Retro_Right                        S4   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        DRAK_Cutlass_Thruster_Retro                                      Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_Main_Thruster_Right                     S4   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        DRAK_Cutlass_Thruster_Main                                       Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_Main_Retro_Left                         S4   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        DRAK_Cutlass_Thruster_Retro                                      Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_Main_Thruster_Left                      S4   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        DRAK_Cutlass_Thruster_Main                                       Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Center_Bot                 S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   DRAK_Cutlass_Thruster_Maneuver                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Center_Top                 S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   DRAK_Cutlass_Thruster_Maneuver                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Right_Center               S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   DRAK_Cutlass_Thruster_Maneuver                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Left_Center                S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   DRAK_Cutlass_Thruster_Maneuver                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Right_Front                S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   DRAK_Cutlass_Thruster_Maneuver                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Left_Front                 S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   DRAK_Cutlass_Thruster_Maneuver                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Right_Rear                 S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   DRAK_Cutlass_Thruster_Maneuver                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Left_Rear                  S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   DRAK_Cutlass_Thruster_Maneuver                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Right_Tail                 S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   DRAK_Cutlass_Thruster_Maneuver                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Left_Tail                  S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   DRAK_Cutlass_Thruster_Maneuver                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Right_Rear_Top             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   DRAK_Cutlass_Thruster_Maneuver                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Right_Rear_Bot             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   DRAK_Cutlass_Thruster_Maneuver                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Right_Front_Top            S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   DRAK_Cutlass_Thruster_Maneuver                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Right_Front_Bot            S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   DRAK_Cutlass_Thruster_Maneuver                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Left_Rear_Top              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   DRAK_Cutlass_Thruster_Maneuver                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Left_Rear_Bot              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   DRAK_Cutlass_Thruster_Maneuver                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Left_Front_Top             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   DRAK_Cutlass_Thruster_Maneuver                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Left_Front_Bot             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   DRAK_Cutlass_Thruster_Maneuver                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Right_Wing_Bot             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   DRAK_Cutlass_Thruster_Maneuver                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Right_Wing_Top             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   DRAK_Cutlass_Thruster_Maneuver                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Right_Outer_Bot            S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   DRAK_Cutlass_Thruster_Maneuver                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Right_Outer_Top            S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   DRAK_Cutlass_Thruster_Maneuver                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Left_Wing_Top              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   DRAK_Cutlass_Thruster_Maneuver                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Left_Wing_Bot              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   DRAK_Cutlass_Thruster_Maneuver                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Left_Outer_Top             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   DRAK_Cutlass_Thruster_Maneuver                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Left_Outer_Bot             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   DRAK_Cutlass_Thruster_Maneuver                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_DRAK_Cutlass_Black                                          Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_DRAK_Cutlass_Black                                          Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_DRAK_Cutlass_Black                                          Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_right                         S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_DRAK_Cutlass_Black                                          Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S2   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_TARS_S02_Odyssey_SCItem                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_DRAK_Cutlass_Black                                          Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_cargogrid_main                          S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               DRAK_Cutlass_CargoGrid_Main                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_rear                          S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               DRAK_Cutlass_CargoGrid_Rear                                      UNKNOWN                                 
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_Right_Body_Weapon                       S3   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     GATS_BallisticGatling_S2                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S2                                                     GATS_BallisticGatling_S2                                         DISABLED                                
hardpoint_Left_Body_Weapon                        S3   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     GATS_BallisticGatling_S2                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S2                                                     GATS_BallisticGatling_S2                                         DISABLED                                
hardpoint_Right_Wing_Weapon                       S3   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S2                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S2                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S2                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_Left_Wing_Weapon                        S3   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S2                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S2                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S2                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_turret                                  S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           DRAK_Cutlass_SCItem_Turret_Black                                 Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_Left_Pylon_01                           S4   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S04_BEHR_Dual_S03                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_Left_Pylon_02                           S4   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S04_BEHR_Dual_S03                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_Left_Pylon_03                           S4   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S04_BEHR_Quad_S02                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
hardpoint_Right_Pylon_01                          S4   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S04_BEHR_Dual_S03                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_Right_Pylon_02                          S4   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S04_BEHR_Dual_S03                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_Right_Pylon_03                          S4   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S04_BEHR_Quad_S02                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cm_launcher_left                        S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            DRAK_CML_Decoy_Small                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_cm_launcher_right                       S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            DRAK_CML_Noise_Small                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_weapon_rack                             S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_DRAK_4slots                                          Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $proxy_weapon_02                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $proxy_weapon_03                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $proxy_weapon_04                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Crew_HeavyFighter                                Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool_turrets               S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Turret_S1                                        Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_ramp_panel_ext                          S1   Usable.UNDEFINED                                  DRAK_Cutlass_Steel_Switch_Ramp_Ext                               Usables                                 
hardpoint_ramp_panel_ext_02                       S1   Usable.UNDEFINED                                  DRAK_Cutlass_Steel_Switch_Ramp_Ext                               Usables                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_DRAK_Cutlass                              UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     DRAK_Cutlass_ShipATCDataManager                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_personal_storage_01                     S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   PersonalStorage_DRAK_Cutlass_01                                  Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_personal_storage_02                     S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   PersonalStorage_DRAK_Cutlass_02                                  Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_tractor_turret                          S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           DRAK_Cutlass_Remote_Turret                                       Utility hardpoints                      
 turret_weapon                                    S1   TractorBeam                                       GRIN_TractorBeam_S1                                              Utility hardpoints                      
 turret_weapon                                    S1   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           GRIN_TractorBeam_S1                                              Utility hardpoints                      
hardpoint_tractor_mount                           S1   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    DRAK_Cutlass_Tractor_Mount                                       Utility hardpoints                      
hardpoint_controller_weapon_copilot               S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_salvage                      S0                                                     Controller_Salvage_Crus_C1                                       UNKNOWN                                 

