ESPR_Talon
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     ESPR_Talon_SeatAccess                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     ESPR_Talon_Pilot_Seat                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                           RADR_Display                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S0                                                     RADR_Display                                                     DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_selfdestruct                            S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_10s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_power_plant                             S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_TYDT_S01_Slipstream_SCItem                                  Power plants                            
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_LPLT_S01_FlashFreeze_SCItem                                 Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_LPLT_S01_FlashFreeze_SCItem                                 Coolers                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_ESPR_Talon                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_left                             S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BANU_S01_Placeholder_SCItem                                 Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_right                            S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BANU_S01_Placeholder_SCItem                                 Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armour                                  S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_ESPR_Talon                                                  Armor                                   
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_ESPR_Talon                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_scanner                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ESPR_Talon                                                  Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ESPR_Talon                                                  Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank                               S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ESPR_Talon                                                  Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S1   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_RACO_S01_Drift_SCItem                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S1   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                                                                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_ESPR_Talon                                                  Quantum fuel tanks                      
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_gun_left                                S4   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S4                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     ESPR_LaserCannon_S3                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S3                                                     ESPR_LaserCannon_S3                                              DISABLED                                
hardpoint_gun_right                               S4   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S4                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     ESPR_LaserCannon_S3                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S3                                                     ESPR_LaserCannon_S3                                              DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missile_left                            S3   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S03_BEHR_Dual_S02                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missile_right                           S3   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S03_BEHR_Dual_S02                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
hardpoint_CML_left                                S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ESPR_CML_Decoy_Talon                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_CML_right                               S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ESPR_CML_Noise_Talon                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_weapon_rack                             S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_ESPR_Talon                                           Weapon hardpoints                       
 $IP_rifle_01                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_02                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rack_addon_01                                S1   WeaponAttachment                                                                                                   UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rack_addon_02                                S1   WeaponAttachment                                                                                                   UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_multitool                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Gadget                                                                                              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_main_top_left                           S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ESPR_Talon_Thruster_Main_TL                                      Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_main_top_right                          S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ESPR_Talon_Thruster_Main_TR                                      Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_main_bottom_left                        S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ESPR_Talon_Thruster_Main_BL                                      Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_main_bottom_right                       S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ESPR_Talon_Thruster_Main_BR                                      Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_retro_left                              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ESPR_Talon_Thruster_Retro_L                                      Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_retro_right                             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ESPR_Talon_Thruster_Retro_R                                      Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_mav_TR_right                            S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ESPR_Talon_Thruster_Mav_Small                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_SR_right                            S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ESPR_Talon_Thruster_Mav                                          Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_BR_right                            S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ESPR_Talon_Thruster_Mav_Small                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_TF_right                            S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ESPR_Talon_Thruster_Mav                                          Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_SF_right                            S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ESPR_Talon_Thruster_Mav                                          Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_BF_right                            S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ESPR_Talon_Thruster_Mav                                          Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_TR_left                             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ESPR_Talon_Thruster_Mav_Small                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_SR_left                             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ESPR_Talon_Thruster_Mav                                          Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_BR_left                             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ESPR_Talon_Thruster_Mav_Small                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_TF_left                             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ESPR_Talon_Thruster_Mav                                          Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_SF_left                             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ESPR_Talon_Thruster_Mav                                          Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_BF_left                             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ESPR_Talon_Thruster_Mav                                          Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_leg_blankingplate_right                 S4   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S04_ESPR_Talon_CAP_R                                        Missile racks                           
hardpoint_leg_blankingplate_left                  S4   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S04_ESPR_Talon_CAP                                          Missile racks                           
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_right                   S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ESPR_Talon_Thruster_Mav_VTOL                                     VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_left                    S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ESPR_Talon_Thruster_Mav_VTOL                                     VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_wing_glass_right                        S1   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    ESPR_Talon_Wing_Glass                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_wing_glass_left                         S1   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    ESPR_Talon_Wing_Glass                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_canopy                                  S1   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    ESPR_Talon_Canopy_Frame                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_glass                                  S1                                                     AnimEntity_Attachable_ESPR_Talon_Glass                           UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_glass                                  S0                                                     AnimEntity_Attachable_ESPR_Talon_Glass                           DISABLED                                
hardpoint_life_support                            S1   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    LFSP_Talon                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_avionics                                S1                                                     COMP_BEHR_S01_CSR-RP                                             DISABLED                                
hardpoint_battery                                 S1   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    BATT_AMRS_S01_FortCell                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner                                 S1                                                     COMP_BEHR_S01_CSR-RP                                             DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Crew_Dogfighter                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool_turrets               S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_ESPR_Talon                                UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     ESPR_Talon_ShipATCDataManager                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                

