MISC_Prospector_Unmanned_Salvage
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     MISC_Prospector_SCItem_Seat                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 Radar_Helper                                     S1   Display                                           MISC_Prospector_RADR_Display                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Radar_Helper                                     S0                                                     MISC_Prospector_RADR_Display                                     DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     MISC_Prospector_SCItem_SeatAccess                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_radar                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
bed_helper                                        S1   Usable.UNDEFINED                                  Bed_Simple_Prospector                                            Usables                                 
 Pillow                                           S2                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_selfdestruct                            S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_30s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_door_rear                               S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Ext_Dmg_MISC_Prospector_Rear                           Doors                                   
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_CHCO_S01_SurveyorLite                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_MISC_Prospector                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_scanner                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_power_plant                             S2   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_JUST_S02_Trommel_SCItem                                     Power plants                            
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_tank                               S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_MISC_Prospector                                             Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_intake                             S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_MISC_Prospector                                             Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_cooler                                  S2   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_JUST_S02_Snowfall_SCItem                                    Coolers                                 
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S1   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_JUST_S01_Goliath_SCItem                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S1   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                                                                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_MISC_Prospector                                             Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_mining_arm                              S1   ToolArm.UNDEFINED                                 MISC_Prospector_Mining_Arm                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_mining_laser                           S2   UtilityTurret                                     Mount_Gimbal_Mining                                              UNKNOWN                                 
  hardpoint_mining_laser                          S1   WeaponMining.Gun                                  Mining_Laser_GRIN_Arbor_S1                                       Mining hardpoints                       
   BONE_ItemPort_Consumable_1                     S1   MiningModifier.Gun                                                                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_mining_laser                           S0                                                     Mount_Gimbal_Mining                                              DISABLED                                
  hardpoint_mining_laser                          S1                                                     Mining_Laser_GRIN_Arbor_S1                                       DISABLED                                
hardpoint_shield_generator                        S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BASL_S01_Bulwark_SCItem                                     Shield generators                       
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_MISC_Prospector                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_armour                                  S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_MISC_Prospector                                             Armor                                   
hardpoint_thruster_main_rear_middle               S3   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        MISC_Prospector_Thruster_Main                                    Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_rear_right                S3   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        MISC_Prospector_Thruster_Aux                                     Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_rear_left                 S3   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        MISC_Prospector_Thruster_Aux                                     Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Prospector_Thruster_Retro_01                                Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Prospector_Thruster_Retro_01                                Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_top                      S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Prospector_Thruster_Retro_02                                Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_front_left_bottom              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Prospector_Thruster_Mav_FIxed_02                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_right_bottom             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Prospector_Thruster_Mav_FIxed_02                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_right_side               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Prospector_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_left_side                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Prospector_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_left_top                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Prospector_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_right_top                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Prospector_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_left_top                  S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Prospector_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_03                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_right_top                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Prospector_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_03                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_right_bottom              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Prospector_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_03                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_left_bottom               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Prospector_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_03                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_left_side                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Prospector_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_04                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_right_side                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Prospector_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_04                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_mining                       S0                                                     Controller_Mining                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_left                             S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Mount_Gimbal_S1                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S1                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S1                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S1                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_right                            S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Mount_Gimbal_S1                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S1                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S1                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S1                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_left            S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            MISC_Prospector_CML_Flare                                        Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_right           S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            MISC_Prospector_CML_Chaff                                        Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_mining_pod_1                            S1   Container.Cargo                                   Cargo_Mining_Pod                                                 Cargo containers                        
hardpoint_mining_pod_2                            S1   Container.Cargo                                   Cargo_Mining_Pod                                                 Cargo containers                        
hardpoint_mining_pod_3                            S1   Container.Cargo                                   Cargo_Mining_Pod                                                 Cargo containers                        
hardpoint_mining_pod_4                            S1   Container.Cargo                                   Cargo_Mining_Pod                                                 Cargo containers                        
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Crew_Prospector                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool_turrets               S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Turret_Prospector                                Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_MISC_Prospector                           UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     MISC_Prospector_ShipATCDataManager                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                

