MISC_Starfarer_Gemini
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     MISC_Starfarer_Base_SCItem_SeatAccess                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     MISC_Starfarer_Gemini_SCItem_Seat_Pilot                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     MISC_Starfarer_Base_SCItem_Dashboard_Pilot                       UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                           RADR_Display                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S0                                                     RADR_Display                                                     DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_co_pilot                           S0                                                     MISC_Starfarer_Gemini_SCItem_Seat_CoPilot                        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_co_pilot                      S0                                                     MISC_Starfarer_Base_SCItem_Dashboard_CoPilot                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_captain                            S0                                                     MISC_Starfarer_SCItem_Seat_Captain                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_captain                       S0                                                     MISC_Starfarer_Base_SCItem_Dashboard_Captain                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_support_left                       S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_dashboard_support_left                  S0                                                     SoftLock_Terminal_Standard_Refueling_Starfarer_2                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_support_right                      S0                                                     MISC_Starfarer_SCItem_Seat_Sup_Right                             UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_support_right                 S0                                                     MISC_Starfarer_Base_SCItem_Dashboard_Sup_Right                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_bed_captain                             S1   Usable.UNDEFINED                                  Bed_Single_Starfarer_Captain                                     Usables                                 
 Pillow                                           S2                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_bed_crew_1                              S1   Usable.UNDEFINED                                  Bed_Single_Starfarer_Crew                                        Usables                                 
 Pillow                                           S2                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_bed_crew_2                              S1   Usable.UNDEFINED                                  Bed_Single_Starfarer_Crew                                        Usables                                 
 Pillow                                           S2                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_bed_crew_3                              S1   Usable.UNDEFINED                                  Bed_Single_Starfarer_Crew                                        Usables                                 
 Pillow                                           S2                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_bed_crew_4                              S1   Usable.UNDEFINED                                  Bed_Single_Starfarer_Crew                                        Usables                                 
 Pillow                                           S2                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_bed_crew_5                              S1   Usable.UNDEFINED                                  Bed_Single_Starfarer_Crew                                        Usables                                 
 Pillow                                           S2                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_bed_crew_6                              S1   Usable.UNDEFINED                                  Bed_Single_Starfarer_Crew                                        Usables                                 
 Pillow                                           S2                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_radar                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_self_destruct                   S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_45s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_MISC_Starfarer_Gemini                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S2                                                     RADR_WLOP_S02_Chernykh                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_turret_front                      S2                                                     RADR_WLOP_S02_Chernykh                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_turret_left                       S2                                                     RADR_WLOP_S02_Chernykh                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_turret_right                      S2                                                     RADR_WLOP_S02_Chernykh                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                     test_scanner                                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S2                                                     test_ping_S2                                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_transponder                             S0                                                     test_transponder                                                 DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_powerplant                              S3   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_AMRS_S03_SuperDrive_SCItem                                  Power plants                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake                             S6   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S06_MISC_Gemini                                             Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_05_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_06_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_07_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_08_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_09_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_05_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_06_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_07_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_08_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_09_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_fuel_intake_front_left                  S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_MISC_Starfarer_Gemini                                       Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_front_right                 S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_MISC_Starfarer_Gemini                                       Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank                               S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_MISC_Starfarer_Gemini                                       Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S3   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S03_Mercury_SCItem                                     Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S3   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S03_Mercury_SCItem                                     Coolers                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_MISC_Starfarer                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator                        S3   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BASL_S03_Stronghold_SCItem                                  Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armour                                  S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_MISC_Starfarer_Gemini                                       Armor                                   
hardpoint_cargo_door                              S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_Starfarer                                     Doors                                   
 hardpoint_ramp                                   S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_ramp                                    S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_Starfarer_Ramp_Attachable                     Doors                                   
hardpoint_engine_main                             S7   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        MISC_Starfarer_Gemini_Thruster_Main                              Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_engine_left                             S6   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        MISC_Starfarer_Gemini_Thruster_Aux                               Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_engine_right                            S6   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        MISC_Starfarer_Gemini_Thruster_Aux                               Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S3   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Starfarer_Gemini_Thruster_Retro                             Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S3   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Starfarer_Gemini_Thruster_Retro                             Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_top_FL                         S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Starfarer_Gemini_Thruster_Mav_Joint                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_FR                         S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Starfarer_Gemini_Thruster_Mav_Joint                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_RL                         S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Starfarer_Gemini_Thruster_Mav_Joint                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_RR                         S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Starfarer_Gemini_Thruster_Mav_Joint                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_FL                      S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Starfarer_Gemini_Thruster_Mav_Joint                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_FR                      S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Starfarer_Gemini_Thruster_Mav_Joint                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_RL                      S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Starfarer_Gemini_Thruster_Mav_Joint                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_RR                      S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Starfarer_Gemini_Thruster_Mav_Joint                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_FL                        S3   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Starfarer_Gemini_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_FR                        S3   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Starfarer_Gemini_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_RL                        S3   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Starfarer_Gemini_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_RR                        S3   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Starfarer_Gemini_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_VTOL_FL                        S4   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Starfarer_Gemini_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_02                      VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_VTOL_FR                        S4   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Starfarer_Gemini_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_02                      VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_VTOL_RL                        S4   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Starfarer_Gemini_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_03                      VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_VTOL_RR                        S4   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Starfarer_Gemini_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_03                      VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S3   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_WETK_S03_Pontes_SCItem                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S3   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_MISC_Starfarer_Gemini                                       Quantum fuel tanks                      
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_sidecannon_left                         S4   Turret.NoseMounted                                BEHR_PC2_Dual_S4                                                 Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_01                              S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S4                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_02                              S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S4                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_01                              S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S4                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_02                              S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S4                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_sidecannon_right                        S4   Turret.NoseMounted                                BEHR_PC2_Dual_S4                                                 Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_01                              S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S4                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_02                              S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S4                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_01                              S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S4                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_02                              S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S4                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_turret_seataccess                       S0                                                     MISC_Starfarer_Base_SCItem_SeatAccess_Turret                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_front_turret                            S12  TurretBase.MannedTurret                           MISC_Starfarer_Gemini_SCItem_Turret_Large                        Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S5   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S5                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_right                                     S5   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S5                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_left                                      S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S5                                            Manned turrets                          
 turret_right                                     S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S5                                            Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_rear_left_turret                        S8   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           MISC_Starfarer_Gemini_SCItem_Turret_Small                        Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_right                                     S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_left                                      S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Manned turrets                          
 turret_right                                     S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_rear_right_turret                       S8   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           MISC_Starfarer_Gemini_SCItem_Turret_Small_Right                  Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_right                                     S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_left                                      S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Manned turrets                          
 turret_right                                     S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_countermeasures_left                    S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            JOKR_Defcon_CML_Flare                                            Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasures_left_2                  S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            JOKR_Defcon_CML_Chaff                                            Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasures_right                   S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            JOKR_Defcon_CML_Flare                                            Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasures_right_2                 S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            JOKR_Defcon_CML_Chaff                                            Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_cargogrid_center                        S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               MISC_Starfarer_CargoGrid_Center                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_left                          S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               MISC_Starfarer_CargoGrid_Side                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_left_alcove                   S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               MISC_Starfarer_CargoGrid_Side_Alcove                             UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_right                         S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               MISC_Starfarer_CargoGrid_Side                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_right_alcove                  S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               MISC_Starfarer_CargoGrid_Side_Alcove                             UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_refinery_left                      S3   FuelTank.Fuel                                     MISC_FuelRefinery_L                                              Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_refinery_right                     S3   FuelTank.Fuel                                     MISC_FuelRefinery_R                                              Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_pod_L1                             S2   ExternalFuelTank.UNDEFINED                        FuelPod_MISC_Standard                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_pod_L2                             S2   ExternalFuelTank.UNDEFINED                        FuelPod_MISC_Standard                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_pod_L3                             S2   ExternalFuelTank.UNDEFINED                        FuelPod_MISC_Standard                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_pod_R1                             S2   ExternalFuelTank.UNDEFINED                        FuelPod_MISC_Standard                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_pod_R2                             S2   ExternalFuelTank.UNDEFINED                        FuelPod_MISC_Standard                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_pod_R3                             S2   ExternalFuelTank.UNDEFINED                        FuelPod_MISC_Standard                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_door_catwalk                            S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_MISC_Starfarer_Catwalk                        Doors                                   
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Crew_Starfarer                                   Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool_turrets               S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Turret_Starfarer                                 Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_MISC_Starfarer                            UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     MISC_Starfarer_ShipATCDataManager                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_refuel_arm                              S2   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           Nozzle_FuelGiver_MISC_NozzleStandard                             UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_camera_test                             S0                                                     CameraSourceFuelNozzle                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_refuel_console                          S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_fuelpod_1_console                       S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_fuelpod_2_console                       S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_fuelpod_3_console                       S1   Display.UNDEFINED                                 SoftLock_Terminal_Standard_Starfarer_Fuel_Pods_Ship_R1           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuelpod_4_console                       S1   Display.UNDEFINED                                 SoftLock_Terminal_Standard_Starfarer_Fuel_Pods_Ship_L1           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuelpod_5_console                       S1   Display.UNDEFINED                                 SoftLock_Terminal_Standard_Starfarer_Fuel_Pods_Ship_R2           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuelpod_6_console                       S1   Display.UNDEFINED                                 SoftLock_Terminal_Standard_Starfarer_Fuel_Pods_Ship_L2           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuelpod_7_console                       S1   Display.UNDEFINED                                 SoftLock_Terminal_Standard_Starfarer_Fuel_Pods_Ship_R3           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuelpod_8_console                       S1   Display.UNDEFINED                                 SoftLock_Terminal_Standard_Starfarer_Fuel_Pods_Ship_L3           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_console_catwalk                         S1   SeatDashboard.UNDEFINED                           SoftLock_Terminal_Standard_Refueling_Starfarer_Catwalk           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_docking_collar                          S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_MISC_Starfarer_Airlock                        Doors                                   

