ORIG_400i_Unmanned_Salvage
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_ORIG_400i                                                   Armor                                   
hardpoint_cockpit_selfDestruct                    S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_60s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_ORIG_400i                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_scanner                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_ORIG_400i                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_1                                S2   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_JUST_S02_Snowfall_SCItem                                    Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_2                                S2   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_JUST_S02_Snowfall_SCItem                                    Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_3                                S2   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_JUST_S02_Snowfall_SCItem                                    Coolers                                 
hardpoint_countermeasures_1                       S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            JOKR_Defcon_CML_Chaff                                            Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasures_2                       S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            JOKR_Defcon_CML_Flare                                            Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ORIG_400i                                                   Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ORIG_400i                                                   Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_1                             S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ORIG_400i                                                   Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_2                             S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ORIG_400i                                                   Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_power_plant_1                           S2   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_JUST_S02_Sedulity_SCItem                                    Power plants                            
hardpoint_power_plant_2                           S2   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_JUST_S02_Sedulity_SCItem                                    Power plants                            
hardpoint_power_plant_3                           S2   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_JUST_S02_Sedulity_SCItem                                    Power plants                            
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S2   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_ARCC_S02_Torrent_SCItem                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator                        S3   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_SECO_S03_GUARD_SCItem                                       Shield generators                       
hardpoint_quantum_fuel                            S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_ORIG_400i                                                   Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_remote_turret_top                       S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           ORIG_400i_SCItem_Remote_Turret_Top                               Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_right                                     S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_left                                      S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Manned turrets                          
 turret_right                                     S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_remote_turret_top_controller            S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_remote_turret_top_radar                 S2                                                     RADR_CHCO_S02_Surveyor                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_remote_turret_bottom                    S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           ORIG_400i_SCItem_Remote_Turret_Bottom                            Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_right                                     S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_right                                     S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_remote_turret_bottom_controller         S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_remote_turret_bottom_radar              S2                                                     RADR_CHCO_S02_Surveyor                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_copilot_right                      S0                                                     ORIG_400i_Seat_Bridge_Right                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_copilot_right_seat_access          S0                                                     ORIG_400i_Bridge_Right_SeatAccess                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     ORIG_400i_Seat_Pilot                                             UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot_seat_access                  S0                                                     ORIG_400i_SCItem_SeatAccess_Pilot                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_copilot_left                       S0                                                     ORIG_400i_Seat_Bridge_Left                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_copilot_left_seat_access           S0                                                     ORIG_400i_Bridge_Left_SeatAccess                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_left                             S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Mount_Gimbal_S4                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S3                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_right                            S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Mount_Gimbal_S4                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S3                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            DISABLED                                
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S2                                                     RADR_CHCO_S02_Surveyor                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_front_left              S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    ORIG_400i_Thruster_Mav_VTOL                                      VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_front_right             S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    ORIG_400i_Thruster_Mav_VTOL                                      VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_rear_left               S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    ORIG_400i_Thruster_Mav_VTOL                                      VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_rear_right              S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    ORIG_400i_Thruster_Mav_VTOL                                      VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_side_front_left                S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    ORIG_400i_Thruster_Mav_Side_Front                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_front_right               S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    ORIG_400i_Thruster_Mav_Side_Front_R                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_nose_bottom                    S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    ORIG_400i_Thruster_Mav_Side                                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_nose_top                       S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    ORIG_400i_Thruster_Mav_Side                                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_rear_left                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    ORIG_400i_Thruster_Mav_Side                                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_rear_right                S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    ORIG_400i_Thruster_Mav_Side                                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_front_left                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    ORIG_400i_Thruster_Mav                                           Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_front_right                S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    ORIG_400i_Thruster_Mav                                           Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_rear_left                  S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    ORIG_400i_Thruster_Mav                                           Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_rear_right                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    ORIG_400i_Thruster_Mav                                           Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S1   ManneuverThruster.Retro                           ORIG_400i_Thruster_Retro                                         Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S1   ManneuverThruster.Retro                           ORIG_400i_Thruster_Retro_Left                                    Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_main                           S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ORIG_400i_Thruster_Main                                          Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_sub_left                       S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ORIG_400i_Thruster_Main_Sub                                      Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_sub_right                      S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ORIG_400i_Thruster_Main_Sub                                      Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     ORIG_400i_Dashboard_Pilot                                        UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                           RADR_Display                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1   Display                                           Projector_HUD_Generic                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S0                                                     RADR_Display                                                     DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_dashboard_copilot_right                 S0                                                     ORIG_400i_Dashboard_Bridge_Right                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_copilot_left                  S0                                                     ORIG_400i_Dashboard_Bridge_Left                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_main_lift                               S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    ORIG_400i_Entrance_Ramp                                          Doors                                   
hardpoint_Garage_Lift                             S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    ORIG_400i_Lift_Garage                                            Doors                                   
hardpoint_cargo_lift                              S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    ORIG_400i_Lift_Cargo                                             Doors                                   
 Cargo_Grid                                       S1   CargoGrid                                         ORIG_400i_CargoGrid                                              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_gunrack                                 S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Weapon_Rack_400i_Armory                                          Doors                                   
 $IP_rifle_01                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_02                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_03                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_04                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_05                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_06                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_07                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_08                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_01                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_02                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_03                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_04                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_05                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_06                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_07                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_08                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_09                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_10                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_11                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_12                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_missile_right                           S4   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S04_ORIG_400i_Octo_S02                                      Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_05_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_06_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_07_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_08_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_05_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_06_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_07_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_08_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missile_left                            S4   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S04_ORIG_400i_Octo_S02_L                                    Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_05_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_06_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_07_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_08_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_05_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_06_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_07_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_08_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missile_right_small                     S2   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S02_ORIG_400i_Octo_S01                                      Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_05_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_06_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_07_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_08_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_05_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_06_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_07_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_08_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missile_small_left                      S2   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S02_ORIG_400i_Octo_S01_L                                    Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_05_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_06_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_07_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_08_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_05_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_06_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_07_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_08_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_control_cover                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_captains_quarters                  S0                                                     ORIG_400i_SCItem_Seat_Captain                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access_captains_quarters           S0                                                     ORIG_400i_SCItem_SeatAccess_Captain_Room                         UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_captains_quarters             S0                                                     ORIG_400i_SCItem_Dashboard_Captain_Room                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Crew_Dropship                                    Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool_turrets               S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Turret_S2                                        Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_ORIG_400i                                 UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     ORIG_400i_ShipATCDataManager                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_door_airlock                            S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_400i_Exterior_Door                            Doors                                   
hardpoint_cockpit_flair                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                

