ORIG_890Jump
hardpoint_seat_access_pilot                       S0                                                     ORIG_890J_Pilot_SeatAccess                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     ORIG_890J_Seat_Pilot                                             UNKNOWN                                 
 radar_helper                                     S1   Display                                           ORIG_890J_Hologlobe_RADR_Display                                 UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 radar_helper                                     S0                                                     ORIG_890J_Hologlobe_RADR_Display                                 DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_turret_upper_seataccess                 S0                                                     ORIG_890J_SeatAccess_Turret_Upper                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_lower_seataccess                 S0                                                     ORIG_890J_SeatAccess_Turret_Lower                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access_bridge_left                 S0                                                     ORIG_890J_Bridge_Left_SeatAccess                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_bridge_left                        S0                                                     ORIG_890J_Seat_Bridge_Left                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access_bridge_right                S0                                                     ORIG_890J_Bridge_Right_SeatAccess                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_bridge_right                       S0                                                     ORIG_890J_Seat_Bridge_Right                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_BB_Left                            S0                                                     ORIG_890J_Seat_BattleBridge_Left                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_BB_Right                           S0                                                     ORIG_890J_Seat_BattleBridge_Right                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_BB_middle                          S0                                                     ORIG_890J_Seat_BattleBridge_Middle                               UNKNOWN                                 
 radar_helper                                     S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seataccess_BB_Left                      S0                                                     ORIG_890J_BattleBridge_Left_SeatAccess                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seataccess_BB_Right                     S0                                                     ORIG_890J_BattleBridge_Right_SeatAccess                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seataccess_BB_middle                    S0                                                     ORIG_890J_BattleBridge_Middle_SeatAccess                         UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_selfdestruct                            S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_80s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_radar_01                                S2                                                     RADR_CHCO_S02_Surveyor                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_02                                S2                                                     RADR_CHCO_S02_Surveyor                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_03                                S2                                                     RADR_CHCO_S02_Surveyor                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_turret_upper                      S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_turret_lower                      S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_hologlobe_display                       S1   Display.UNDEFINED                                 ORIG_890J_Hologlobe_RADR_Display                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_powerplant_01                           S4   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_ORIG_S04_890J_SCItem                                        Power plants                            
hardpoint_powerplant_02                           S4   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_ORIG_S04_890J_SCItem                                        Power plants                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank                               S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ORIG_890J                                                   Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ORIG_890J                                                   Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ORIG_890J                                                   Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_center                      S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ORIG_890J                                                   Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S4   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_ORIG_S04_890J_SCItem                                        Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S4   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_ORIG_S04_890J_SCItem                                        Coolers                                 
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S4   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_ORIG_S04_890J_SCItem                                        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S2   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_ORIG_890J                                                   Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_shield_generator_left                   S4   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_ORIG_S04_890J_SCItem                                        Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_right                  S4   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_ORIG_S04_890J_SCItem                                        Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armour                                  S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_ORIG_890J                                                   Armor                                   
hardpoint_main_upper_left                         S2   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ORIG_890_Jump_Thruster_Main_TL                                   Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_main_upper_right                        S2   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ORIG_890_Jump_Thruster_Main_TR                                   Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_main_lower_left                         S2   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ORIG_890_Jump_Thruster_Main_BL                                   Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_main_lower_right                        S2   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ORIG_890_Jump_Thruster_Main_BR                                   Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_890_Jump_Thruster_Retro_L                                   Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_890_Jump_Thruster_Retro_R                                   Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_top_left             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_890_Jump_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_top_right            S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_890_Jump_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_side_left            S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_890_Jump_Thruster_Mav_FSL                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_side_right           S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_890_Jump_Thruster_Mav_FSR                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_mid_top_left               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_890_Jump_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_mid_top_right              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_890_Jump_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_mid_side_left              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_890_Jump_Thruster_Mav_MSL                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_mid_side_right             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_890_Jump_Thruster_Mav_MSR                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_mid_bottom_left            S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_890_Jump_Thruster_Mav_BML                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_mid_bottom_right           S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_890_Jump_Thruster_Mav_BMR                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_top_left              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_890_Jump_Thruster_Mav_TRL                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_top_right             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_890_Jump_Thruster_Mav_TRR                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_bottom_left           S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_890_Jump_Thruster_Mav_BRL                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_bottom_right          S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_890_Jump_Thruster_Mav_BRR                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_side_left             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_890_Jump_Thruster_Mav_RSL                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_side_right            S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_890_Jump_Thruster_Mav_RSR                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_nose                      S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_890_Jump_Thruster_Mav_VTOL                                  VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_front_left                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_890_Jump_Thruster_Mav_VTOL                                  VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_front_right               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_890_Jump_Thruster_Mav_VTOL                                  VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_ORIG_890J                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_ORIG_890Jump                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon_BB                    S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon_bridge_right          S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon_bridge_left           S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_WC_BB_Left                              S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_WC_BB_Right                             S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           ORIG_890Jump_LandingGearSystem                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_remote_turret_left                      S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           ORIG_890j_SCItem_Remote_Turret_2                                 Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_right                                     S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_left                                      S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Manned turrets                          
 turret_right                                     S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_remote_turret_right                     S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           ORIG_890j_SCItem_Remote_Turret                                   Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_right                                     S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_left                                      S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Manned turrets                          
 turret_right                                     S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_remote_missile_turret_left              S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           ORIG_890j_SCItem_Remote_Turret_Missile_Top_Left                  Manned turrets                          
 turret_missile_rack                              S4   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S04_ORIG_Octo_S01                                           Missile racks                           
  missile_01_attach                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
  missile_02_attach                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
  missile_03_attach                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
  missile_04_attach                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
  missile_05_attach                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
  missile_06_attach                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
  missile_07_attach                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
  missile_08_attach                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 turret_missile_rack                              S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           MRCK_S04_ORIG_Octo_S01                                           Manned turrets                          
  missile_01_attach                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
  missile_02_attach                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
  missile_03_attach                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
  missile_04_attach                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
  missile_05_attach                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
  missile_06_attach                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
  missile_07_attach                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
  missile_08_attach                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_remote_missile_turret_right             S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           ORIG_890j_SCItem_Remote_Turret_Missile_Top_Right                 Manned turrets                          
 turret_missile_rack                              S4   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S04_ORIG_Octo_S01                                           Missile racks                           
  missile_01_attach                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
  missile_02_attach                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
  missile_03_attach                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
  missile_04_attach                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
  missile_05_attach                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
  missile_06_attach                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
  missile_07_attach                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
  missile_08_attach                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 turret_missile_rack                              S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           MRCK_S04_ORIG_Octo_S01                                           Manned turrets                          
  missile_01_attach                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
  missile_02_attach                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
  missile_03_attach                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
  missile_04_attach                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
  missile_05_attach                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
  missile_06_attach                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
  missile_07_attach                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
  missile_08_attach                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_remote_missile_turret_leftL             S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           ORIG_890j_SCItem_Remote_Turret_Missile_Lower_Left                Manned turrets                          
 turret_missile_rack                              S4   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S04_ORIG_Octo_S01                                           Missile racks                           
  missile_01_attach                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
  missile_02_attach                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
  missile_03_attach                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
  missile_04_attach                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
  missile_05_attach                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
  missile_06_attach                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
  missile_07_attach                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
  missile_08_attach                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 turret_missile_rack                              S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           MRCK_S04_ORIG_Octo_S01                                           Manned turrets                          
  missile_01_attach                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
  missile_02_attach                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
  missile_03_attach                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
  missile_04_attach                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
  missile_05_attach                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
  missile_06_attach                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
  missile_07_attach                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
  missile_08_attach                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_remote_missile_turret_rightL            S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           ORIG_890j_SCItem_Remote_Turret_Missile_Lower_Right               Manned turrets                          
 turret_missile_rack                              S4   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S04_ORIG_Octo_S01                                           Missile racks                           
  missile_01_attach                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
  missile_02_attach                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
  missile_03_attach                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
  missile_04_attach                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
  missile_05_attach                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
  missile_06_attach                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
  missile_07_attach                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
  missile_08_attach                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 turret_missile_rack                              S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           MRCK_S04_ORIG_Octo_S01                                           Manned turrets                          
  missile_01_attach                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
  missile_02_attach                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
  missile_03_attach                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
  missile_04_attach                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
  missile_05_attach                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
  missile_06_attach                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
  missile_07_attach                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
  missile_08_attach                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_turret_upper                            S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           ORIG_890J_SCItem_Turret_Upper                                    Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S4                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 turret_right                                     S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S4                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 turret_left                                      S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           BEHR_LaserCannon_S4                                              Manned turrets                          
 turret_right                                     S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           BEHR_LaserCannon_S4                                              Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_turret_lower                            S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           ORIG_890J_SCItem_Turret_Lower                                    Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S4                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 turret_right                                     S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S4                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 turret_left                                      S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           BEHR_LaserCannon_S4                                              Manned turrets                          
 turret_right                                     S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           BEHR_LaserCannon_S4                                              Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_missilerack_lower_left                  S5   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S05_ORIG_890J_Quad_S03                                      Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missilerack_lower_right                 S5   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S05_ORIG_890J_Quad_S03_R                                    Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_countermeasures_left                    S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            JOKR_Defcon_CML_Flare                                            Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasures_right                   S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            JOKR_Defcon_CML_Chaff                                            Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_cargogrid_hangar_001                    S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               ORIG_890Jump_CargoGrid_Hangar_Wide                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_hangar_002                    S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               ORIG_890Jump_CargoGrid_Hangar                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_hangar_003                    S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               ORIG_890Jump_CargoGrid_Hangar                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_hangar_005                    S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               ORIG_890Jump_CargoGrid_Hangar_Wide                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_hangar_006                    S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               ORIG_890Jump_CargoGrid_Hangar                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_hangar_007                    S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               ORIG_890Jump_CargoGrid_Hangar                                    UNKNOWN                                 
Hardpoint_Airlock_Door_L                          S1   DockingAnimator.UNDEFINED                         Door_Ship_Exterior_ORIG_890J_Airlock                             UNKNOWN                                 
Hardpoint_Airlock_Door_R                          S1   DockingAnimator.UNDEFINED                         Door_Ship_Exterior_ORIG_890J_Airlock                             UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_docking_collar_left                     S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           ORIG_890Jump_DockingTube                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_docking_collar_right                    S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           ORIG_890Jump_DockingTube                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_locker_01                        S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_ORIG_890Jump_Armory                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 $IP_rifle_01                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_02                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_03                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_04                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_05                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_06                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_07                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_08                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_01                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_02                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_03                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_04                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_05                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_06                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_07                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_08                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_09                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_10                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_11                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_12                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_locker_02                        S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_ORIG_890Jump_Armory                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 $IP_rifle_01                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_02                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_03                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_04                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_05                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_06                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_07                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_08                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_01                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_02                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_03                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_04                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_05                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_06                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_07                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_08                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_09                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_10                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_11                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_12                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_locker_03                        S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_ORIG_890Jump_Armory                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 $IP_rifle_01                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_02                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_03                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_04                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_05                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_06                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_07                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_08                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_01                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_02                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_03                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_04                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_05                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_06                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_07                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_08                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_09                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_10                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_11                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_12                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_locker_04                        S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_ORIG_890Jump_Armory                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 $IP_rifle_01                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_02                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_03                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_04                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_05                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_06                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_07                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_08                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_01                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_02                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_03                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_04                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_05                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_06                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_07                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_08                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_09                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_10                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_11                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_12                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     ORIG_890Jump_ShipATCDataManager                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Crew_890J                                        Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool_turrets               S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Turret_890J                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_missile_bridge_left          S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_MC_BB_Left                              S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_ORIG_890Jump                              UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_hangar_lift                             S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_ORIG_890Jump_Hangar_Elevator                  Doors                                   
hardpoint_hangar_door                             S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_ORIG_890Jump_Hangar                           Doors                                   
hardpoint_cargo_lift                              S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_ORIG_890Jump_Cargo_Elevator                   Doors                                   
 hardpoint_cargo                                  S1   CargoGrid                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_entrance_lift                           S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_ORIG_890Jump_Entrance_Elevator                Doors                                   

