ORIG_315p_Unmanned_Salvage
hardpoint_paint                                   S1   Paints.UNDEFINED                                  Paint_315p_Base                                                  Paints                                  
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     ORIG_315p_SCItem_Seat_Pilot                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_paint_seat                             S1   Misc                                              Paint_300_Seat_Black                                             UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_paint_trim                             S1   Misc                                              Paint_300_SeatTrim_Aluminum                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_paint_seat                             S0                                                     Paint_300_Seat_Black                                             DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_paint_trim                             S0                                                     Paint_300_SeatTrim_Aluminum                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     ORIG_300i_SeatAccess                                             UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access_ladder                      S0                                                     ORIG_300i_SeatAccess_Ladder                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     ORIG_315p_Dashboard_Pilot                                        UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                           ORIG_300_RADR_Display                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_paint_dash                             S1   Misc                                              Paint_300_Dash_Aluminum                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_dash_yoke                              S1   Misc                                              ORIG_300i_Yoke                                                   UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            UNKNOWN                                 
                                                  S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S0                                                     ORIG_300_RADR_Display                                            DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_dash_yoke                              S0                                                     ORIG_300i_Yoke                                                   DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_paint_dash                             S0                                                     Paint_300_Dash_Aluminum                                          DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_selfdestruct                            S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_10s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_power_plant                             S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_TYDT_S01_Slipstream_SCItem                                  Power plants                            
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_TYDT_S01_HeatSafe_SCItem                                    Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_TYDT_S01_HeatSafe_SCItem                                    Coolers                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_ORIG_300                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator_left                   S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_ASAS_S01_Shimmer_SCItem                                     Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_right                  S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_ASAS_S01_Shimmer_SCItem                                     Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_ORIG_315p                                                   Armor                                   
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_ORIG_315p                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_WLOP_S01_Capstan                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ORIG_315p                                                   Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ORIG_315p                                                   Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ORIG_315p                                                   Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_right                         S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ORIG_315p                                                   Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_300i_Intake                             S1   FuelIntake.UNDEFINED                              ORIG_315p_Intake                                                 Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S1   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_JUST_S01_Goliath_SCItem                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S1   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                                                                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_ORIG_315p                                                   Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_main_thruster                           S3   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ORIG_300i_Thruster_Main                                          Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ORIG_300i_Thruster_Retro                                         Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ORIG_300i_Thruster_Retro                                         Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_mav_thruster_tail_bottom_right          S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_300i_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_tail_middle_right          S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_300i_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_tail_top_right             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_300i_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_tail_bottom_left           S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_300i_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_tail_middle_left           S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_300i_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_tail_top_left              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_300i_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_nose_bottom_right          S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_300i_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_nose_top_right             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_300i_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_nose_middle_right          S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_300i_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_02                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_nose_bottom_left           S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_300i_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_nose_top_left              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_300i_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_nose_middle_left           S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_300i_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_02                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_wing_right                       S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S3                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
 magazine_attach                                  S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_wing_left                        S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S3                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
 magazine_attach                                  S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_missilerack_left                 S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     MRCK_S02_BEHR_Single_S02                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_missilerack_right                S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     MRCK_S02_BEHR_Single_S02                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
hardpoint_countermeasure_left                     S2   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ORIG_CML_Decoy_Small                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_right                    S2   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ORIG_CML_Noise_Small                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_cargo_door_front                        S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    ORIG_300i_CargoBay_Front                                         Doors                                   
 hardpoint_cargo_grid_front                       S1   CargoGrid                                         ORIG_300i_CargoGrid_Front                                        UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cargo_grid_front                       S0                                                     ORIG_300i_CargoGrid_Front                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cargo_door_rear                         S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    ORIG_300i_CargoBay_Rear                                          Doors                                   
 hardpoint_cargo_grid_rear                        S1   CargoGrid                                         ORIG_300i_CargoGrid_Rear                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cargo_grid_rear                        S0                                                     ORIG_300i_CargoGrid_Rear                                         DISABLED                                
hardpoint_bed                                     S0                                                     ORIG_300i_Seat_Bed                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_bedding                                S0                                                     orig_bedding_duvet_4_d                                           DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Crew_Dogfighter                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_rack                             S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_ORIG_300i_2_Slots                                    Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $proxy_weapon_02                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $proxy_weapon_03                                 S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $proxy_weapon_04                                 S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $proxy_weapon_05                                 S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool_turrets               S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_ORIG_300i                                 UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     ORIG_300i_ShipATCDataManager                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_personal_storage                        S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   PersonalStorage_ORIG_300i                                        Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_tractor                                 S3   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S3_315p                                             Utility hardpoints                      
 hardpoint_class_2                                S2   TractorBeam                                       GRIN_TractorBeam_S2                                              Utility hardpoints                      
 hardpoint_class_2                                S2                                                     GRIN_TractorBeam_S2                                              DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_salvage                      S0                                                     Controller_Salvage_TractorBeamOnly                               Utility hardpoints                      

