RSI_Constellation_Andromeda_Unmanned_Salvage
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     RSI_Constellation_SCItem_Seat_Access_Pilot                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     RSI_Constellation_SCItem_Seat_Pilot                              UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                           RADR_Display                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S0                                                     RADR_Display                                                     DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            DISABLED                                
                                                  S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_copilot_left                       S0                                                     RSI_Constellation_SCItem_Seat_CoPilot_Left                       UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                           RADR_Display                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S0                                                     RADR_Display                                                     DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            DISABLED                                
                                                  S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_copilot_right                      S0                                                     RSI_Constellation_SCItem_Seat_CoPilot_Right                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                           RADR_Display                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S0                                                     RADR_Display                                                     DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            DISABLED                                
                                                  S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_radar                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_selfdestruct                    S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_30s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_escape_pod_left_bottom                  S0                                                     RSI_Constellation_SCItem_Seat_EscapePod_LeftLower                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_escape_pod_left_top                     S0                                                     RSI_Constellation_SCItem_Seat_EscapePod_LeftUpper                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_escape_pod_right_bottom                 S0                                                     RSI_Constellation_SCItem_Seat_EscapePod_RightLower               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_escape_pod_right_top                    S0                                                     RSI_Constellation_SCItem_Seat_EscapePod_RightUpper               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_powerplant_left                         S2   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_SASU_S02_DayBreak_SCItem                                    Power plants                            
hardpoint_powerplant_right                        S2   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_SASU_S02_DayBreak_SCItem                                    Power plants                            
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S2   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_JSPN_S02_FrostStarEX_SCItem                                 Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S2   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_JSPN_S02_FrostStarEX_SCItem                                 Coolers                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_RSI_Constellation                              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator                        S3   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BEHR_S03_5CA_SCItem                                         Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_RSI_Constellation_Andromeda                                 Armor                                   
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_RSI_Constellation_Andromeda                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S2                                                     RADR_WLOP_S02_Chernykh                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_copilot_left                      S2                                                     RADR_WLOP_S02_Chernykh                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_copilot_right                     S2                                                     RADR_WLOP_S02_Chernykh                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_turret_upper                      S2                                                     RADR_WLOP_S02_Chernykh                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_turret_lower                      S2                                                     RADR_WLOP_S02_Chernykh                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_RSI_Constellation_Andromeda                                 Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_right                         S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_RSI_Constellation_Andromeda                                 Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_intake_top_left                    S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_RSI_Constellation_Andromeda                                 Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_top_right                   S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_RSI_Constellation_Andromeda                                 Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_bottom_left                 S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_RSI_Constellation_Andromeda                                 Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_bottom_right                S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_RSI_Constellation_Andromeda                                 Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S2   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_JUST_S02_Bolon_SCItem                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_RSI_Constellation_Andromeda                                 Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_engine_top_left                         S5   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        RSI_Constellation_Andromeda_Thruster_Main                        Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_engine_top_right                        S5   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        RSI_Constellation_Andromeda_Thruster_Main                        Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_engine_bottom_left                      S5   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        RSI_Constellation_Andromeda_Thruster_Main                        Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_engine_bottom_right                     S5   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        RSI_Constellation_Andromeda_Thruster_Main                        Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_retro_top_left                          S5   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        RSI_Constellation_Andromeda_Thruster_Retro                       Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_retro_top_right                         S5   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        RSI_Constellation_Andromeda_Thruster_Retro                       Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_retro_bottom_left                       S5   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        RSI_Constellation_Andromeda_Thruster_Retro                       Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_retro_bottom_right                      S5   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        RSI_Constellation_Andromeda_Thruster_Retro                       Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_top_front_left                 S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Constellation_Andromeda_Thruster_Mav_Joint                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_front_right                S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Constellation_Andromeda_Thruster_Mav_Joint                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_back_left                  S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Constellation_Andromeda_Thruster_Mav_Joint                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_back_right                 S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Constellation_Andromeda_Thruster_Mav_Joint                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_center_front_left              S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Constellation_Andromeda_Thruster_Mav_Joint                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_center_front_right             S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Constellation_Andromeda_Thruster_Mav_Joint                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_center_back_left               S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Constellation_Andromeda_Thruster_Mav_Joint                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_center_back_right              S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Constellation_Andromeda_Thruster_Mav_Joint                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_front_left              S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Constellation_Andromeda_Thruster_Mav_Joint                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_front_right             S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Constellation_Andromeda_Thruster_Mav_Joint                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_back_left               S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Constellation_Andromeda_Thruster_Mav_Joint                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_back_right              S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Constellation_Andromeda_Thruster_Mav_Joint                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_front_left_01             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Constellation_Andromeda_Thruster_Turbine_Front               VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_front_left_02             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Constellation_Andromeda_Thruster_Turbine_Front               VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_front_right_01            S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Constellation_Andromeda_Thruster_Turbine_Front               VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_front_right_02            S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Constellation_Andromeda_Thruster_Turbine_Front               VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_rear_left_01              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Constellation_Andromeda_Thruster_Turbine_Rear                VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_rear_left_02              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Constellation_Andromeda_Thruster_Turbine_Rear                VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_rear_right_01             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Constellation_Andromeda_Thruster_Turbine_Rear                VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_rear_right_02             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Constellation_Andromeda_Thruster_Turbine_Rear                VTOL thrusters                          
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_gun_laser_top_left                      S5   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S5                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S4                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S4                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S4                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_gun_laser_top_right                     S5   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S5                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S4                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S4                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S4                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_gun_laser_bottom_left                   S5   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S5                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S4                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S4                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S4                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_gun_laser_bottom_right                  S5   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S5                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S4                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S4                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S4                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_turret_seataccess                       S0                                                     RSI_Constellation_SCItem_Seat_Access_Turret                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_base_upper                       S6   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           RSI_Constellation_SCItem_Turret_Upper                            Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S2                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S2                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S2                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S2                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
                                                  S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_turret_base_lower                       S6   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           RSI_Constellation_SCItem_Turret_Lower                            Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S2                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S2                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S2                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S2                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
                                                  S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missilerack_top_left_front              S5   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S05_RSI_Constellation                                       Missile racks                           
 missile_attach_01                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_02                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_03                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_04                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_05                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_06                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_01                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_02                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_03                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_04                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_05                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_06                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missilerack_top_left_rear               S5   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S05_RSI_Constellation                                       Missile racks                           
 missile_attach_01                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_02                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_03                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_04                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_05                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_06                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_01                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_02                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_03                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_04                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_05                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_06                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missilerack_top_right_front             S5   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S05_RSI_Constellation                                       Missile racks                           
 missile_attach_01                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_02                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_03                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_04                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_05                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_06                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_01                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_02                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_03                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_04                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_05                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_06                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missilerack_top_right_rear              S5   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S05_RSI_Constellation                                       Missile racks                           
 missile_attach_01                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_02                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_03                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_04                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_05                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_06                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_01                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_02                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_03                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_04                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_05                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_06                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missilerack_arm_body_left               S4   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S04_RSI_Constellation                                       Missile racks                           
 missile_attach_01                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_02                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_03                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_04                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_05                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_06                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_07                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_01                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_02                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_03                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_04                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_05                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_06                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_07                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missilerack_arm_body_right              S4   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S04_RSI_Constellation                                       Missile racks                           
 missile_attach_01                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_02                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_03                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_04                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_05                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_06                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_07                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_01                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_02                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_03                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_04                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_05                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_06                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_07                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missilerack_arm_tail_left               S4   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S04_RSI_Constellation                                       Missile racks                           
 missile_attach_01                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_02                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_03                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_04                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_05                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_06                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_07                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_01                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_02                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_03                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_04                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_05                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_06                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_07                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missilerack_arm_tail_right              S4   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S04_RSI_Constellation                                       Missile racks                           
 missile_attach_01                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_02                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_03                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_04                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_05                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_06                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_07                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_01                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_02                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_03                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_04                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_05                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_06                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_07                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cm_launcher_right_top                   S2   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            RSI_Constellation_CML_Decoy                                      Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_cm_launcher_left_top                    S2   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            RSI_Constellation_CML_Noise                                      Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_cargo_bay                               S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    RSI_Constellation_CargoBay                                       Doors                                   
 hardpoint_cargogrid                              S1   CargoGrid                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cargowall_right                        S1   Container                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cargowall_left                         S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_door_elevator                           S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    RSI_Constellation_Elevator                                       Doors                                   
hardpoint_door_airlock_body_left                  S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    RSI_Constellation_Airlock_Left                                   Doors                                   
hardpoint_door_airlock_body_right                 S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    RSI_Constellation_Airlock_Right                                  Doors                                   
hardpoint_door_airlock_neck_top                   S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    RSI_Constellation_Airlock                                        Doors                                   
hardpoint_weapon_rack                             S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_RSI_Constellation_2_Slots                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $proxy_weapon_02                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_docking_collar_left                     S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_docking_collar_right                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_docking_collar_merlin                   S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           RSI_Constellation_Rear_DockingTube                               UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                    KRIG_P52_Merlin                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
  hardpoint_controller_fuel                       S1                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
  hardpoint_fuel_port                             S1   DockingCollar                                     DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_KRIG_P52_Merlin                           UNKNOWN                                 
   itemport_vehicle_attach                        S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
  hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                S1   AirTrafficController                              KRIG_P52_Merlin_ATCDataManager                                   UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S0                                                     KRIG_P52_Merlin                                                  DISABLED                                
hardpoint_merlin_dock_door                        S1   DockingAnimator.UNDEFINED                         RSI_Constellation_Merlin_Docking_Door                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     RSI_Constellation_Andromeda_ShipATCDataManager                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Crew_Constellation                               Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool_turrets               S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Turret_S2                                        Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_RSI_Constellation_Andromeda               UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 

