VNCL_Scythe
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     VNCL_Scythe_SCItem_Seat_Pilot                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     VNCL_Scythe_SeatAccess                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     VNCL_Scythe_SCItem_Dashboard_Pilot                               UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                           VNCL_Scythe_RADR_Display                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S0                                                     VNCL_Scythe_RADR_Display                                         DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_radar                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_selfdestruct                    S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_10s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_powerplant_left                         S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_AEGS_S01_FierellCascade_SCItem                              Power plants                            
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S01_Bracer_SCItem                                      Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S01_Bracer_SCItem                                      Coolers                                 
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_VNCL_Scythe                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_VNCL_Scythe                                                 Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_right                         S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_VNCL_Scythe                                                 Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_VNCL_Scythe                                                 Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_VNCL_Scythe                                                 Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S1   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_WETK_S01_Beacon_SCItem                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S1   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                                                                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_VNCL_Scythe                                                 Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_VNCL_Scythe                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator                        S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S01_AllStop_SCItem                                     Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_02                     S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S01_AllStop_SCItem                                     Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armour                                  S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_VNCL_Scythe                                                 Armor                                   
hardpoint_engine_left                             S3   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        VNCL_Glaive_Thruster_Main_Fixed                                  Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_engine_right                            S3   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        VNCL_Glaive_Thruster_Main_Fixed                                  Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_top_back_left_joint            S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   VNCL_Glaive_Thruster_Aux_Joint                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_back_right_joint           S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   VNCL_Glaive_Thruster_Aux_Joint                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_back_left_joint         S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   VNCL_Glaive_Thruster_Aux_Joint                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_back_right_joint        S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   VNCL_Glaive_Thruster_Aux_Joint                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_front_left_joint        S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   VNCL_Glaive_Thruster_Aux_Joint                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_front_right_joint       S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   VNCL_Glaive_Thruster_Aux_Joint                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_front_left_fixed           S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   VNCL_Glaive_Thruster_Aux_Fixed                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_front_right_fixed          S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   VNCL_Glaive_Thruster_Aux_Fixed                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_front_left_fixed          S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   VNCL_Glaive_Thruster_Aux_Fixed                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_front_right_fixed         S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   VNCL_Glaive_Thruster_Aux_Fixed                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_back_left_fixed           S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   VNCL_Glaive_Thruster_Aux_Fixed                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_back_right_fixed          S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   VNCL_Glaive_Thruster_Aux_Fixed                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   VNCL_Scythe_Thruster_Retro_Fixed_Left                            Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   VNCL_Scythe_Thruster_Retro_Fixed_Right                           Retro thrusters                         
LandingPad_Helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_gun_nose_left                           S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     VNCL_LaserCannon_S1                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
 magazine_attach                                  S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_gun_nose_right                          S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     VNCL_LaserCannon_S1                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
 magazine_attach                                  S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_gun_wing_left                           S5   WeaponGun.Gun                                     VNCL_NeutronCannon_S5                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_gun_wing_right                          S5   WeaponGun.Gun                                     VNCL_PlasmaCannon_S5                                             Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_missile_rack_left                       S3   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S03_VNCL_Quad_S01                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_VNCL_Arrow                                           Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_VNCL_Arrow                                           Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_VNCL_Arrow                                           Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_VNCL_Arrow                                           Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_VNCL_Arrow                                           DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_VNCL_Arrow                                           DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_VNCL_Arrow                                           DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_VNCL_Arrow                                           DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missile_rack_right                      S3   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S03_VNCL_Quad_S01                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_VNCL_Arrow                                           Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_VNCL_Arrow                                           Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_VNCL_Arrow                                           Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_VNCL_Arrow                                           Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_VNCL_Arrow                                           DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_VNCL_Arrow                                           DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_VNCL_Arrow                                           DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_VNCL_Arrow                                           DISABLED                                
hardpoint_blade_wing_right                        S1   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       VNCL_MissileRack_Blade                                           Missile racks                           
hardpoint_countermeasures_right                   S2   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            VNCL_CML_Flare                                                   Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasures_left                    S2   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            VNCL_CML_Chaff                                                   Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Crew_HeavyFighter                                Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool_turrets               S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Turret_Scythe                                    Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_VNCL_Scythe                               UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     VNCL_Scythe_ShipATCDataManager                                   UNKNOWN                                 

