XIAN_Scout
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     XIAN_Scout_SCItem_SeatAccess                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     XIAN_Scout_SCItem_Seat_Pilot                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     XIAN_Scout_SCItem_Dashboard_Pilot                                UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                           RADR_Display                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S0                                                     RADR_Display                                                     DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_self_destruct_pilot                     S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_10s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_power_plant                             S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_AMRS_S01_DynaFlux_SCItem                                    Power plants                            
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S01_Polar_SCItem                                       Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S01_Polar_SCItem                                       Coolers                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_XIAN_Scout                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator_left                   S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S01_ForceWall_SCItem                                   Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_right                  S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S01_ForceWall_SCItem                                   Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_XIAN_Scout                                                  Armor                                   
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_XIAN_Scout                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_WLOP_S01_Capstan                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_engine_left_upper                       S3   MainThruster.JointThruster                        XIAN_Scout_Thruster_Main                                         Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_engine_left_lower                       S3   MainThruster.JointThruster                        XIAN_Scout_Thruster_Main                                         Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_engine_right_upper                      S3   MainThruster.JointThruster                        XIAN_Scout_Thruster_Main                                         Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_engine_right_lower                      S3   MainThruster.JointThruster                        XIAN_Scout_Thruster_Main                                         Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_left_front_upper               S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    XIAN_Scout_Thruster_Aux_Joint                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_left_front_lower               S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    XIAN_Scout_Thruster_Aux_Joint                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_left_rear_upper                S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    XIAN_Scout_Thruster_Aux_Joint                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_left_rear_lower                S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    XIAN_Scout_Thruster_Aux_Joint                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_right_front_upper              S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    XIAN_Scout_Thruster_Aux_Joint                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_right_front_lower              S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    XIAN_Scout_Thruster_Aux_Joint                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_right_rear_upper               S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    XIAN_Scout_Thruster_Aux_Joint                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_right_rear_lower               S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    XIAN_Scout_Thruster_Aux_Joint                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_XIAN_Scout                                                  Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_XIAN_Scout                                                  Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_XIAN_Scout                                                  Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_right                         S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_XIAN_Scout                                                  Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S1   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_RSI_S01_Eos_SCItem                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S1   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                                                                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_XIAN_Scout                                                  Quantum fuel tanks                      
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_gun_left                                S4   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S4                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S3                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_gun_right                               S4   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S4                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S3                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_countermeasures_left                    S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            XIAN_Scout_CML_Flare                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasures_right                   S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            XIAN_Scout_CML_Chaff                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool                       S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Crew_Dogfighter                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_XIAN_Scout                                UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     XIAN_Scout_ShipATCDataManager                                    UNKNOWN                                 

